pure love it's twelve past midnight don't close your eyes your soul's half alive and i'll be by your side i've come to take you there show you how to care just be aware that you'll have to share i want your love i want it tonight i'm taking your heart so don't you fight i'll be your answer i'll be your wish i'll be your fantasy your favorite dish from the back to the middle and around again i'm gonna be there till the end 100 pure love from the back to the middle and around again i'm gonna be there till the end 100 pure love you saw a brand new high thought that you could fly did i hear you cry or did you like the ride? you call my name again no, it's not a sin i'll show you how to win and where i've been i want your love i want it tonight i'm taking your heart so don't you fight i'll be your answer i'll be your wish i'll be your fantasy your favorite dish from the back to the middle and around again i'm gonna be there till the end 100 pure love from the back to the middle and around again  i'm gonna be there till the end  100 pure love  from the back to the middle and around again i'm gonna be there till the end 100 pure love from the back to the middle and around again  i'm gonna be there till the end  100 pure love  you'll never have to run away you'll always have a friend to play you'll never go out on your own in me you will find a home home from the back to the middle and around again i'm gonna be there till the end 100 pure love from the back to the middle and around again  i'm gonna be there till the end  100 pure love from the back to the middle and around again i'm gonna be there till the end the back to the middle and around again the back to the middle and around again the back to the middle and the back to the middle and the back to the middle and the back to the middle and the back to the middle and around again the back to the middle and the back to the middle and the back to the middle and around again i'm gonna be there till the end the back to the middle and around again the back to the middle and around again the back to the middle and the back to the middle and the back to the middle and the back to the middle and the back to the middle and around again the back to the middle and the back to the middle don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it? don't you want it, don't you want it?  you'll always have a friend to play  not 10, not 20, more than 30, baby i'm givin' 100 pure love i'm talkin' 20, talkin' 30, more than 40, baby i'm givin' 100 pure love