yeah, right, here we go again 2 way street, what, part two? the bullshit to continue? honey, you heard wrong, i ain't tryin' to get my swerve on all i want is you with your panties and your shirt on word bond, that's enough, i don't need another cat to crush as long as you got the fattest ass to munch word bond, say it one more time you the only one gettin' tongue where the sun don't shine but pun don't mind as long as you lovin' me and if you ever catch me cheatin', girl, it wasn't me how did i think you were just seeing me? when you always get all those late night beeps you didn't think that i'd pick up your phone and i know that was wrong, but now i know for sure you said i was you said i was your number one lady but how many more like me? maybe two or maybe three, tell me you said i was your number one lady ain't many more like me why don't you look then you'll see if i ask you, who's callin' you this late? you don't answer and that's why i doubt your faith you don't want me poppin' up where you're at you better sound crazy someplace else 'cause i know there's someone else you said i was your number one lady but how many more like me? maybe two or maybe three, tell me you said i was your number one lady ain't many more like me why don't you look then you'll see hold up, let me explain, i know that i'm in trouble, boo yeah, i crushed that chick but i made love to you stop flippin', girl, actin' like you kept it real i followed you and your two sisters you went from there straight to chippendale's the shit is real like i know he told me i was home and lonely, you gon' judge me? she was ugly, i was really horny you don't even hold me no more, call me at all except to go to the store, fix a whole in the wall that ain't even fair, didn't i give you cheddar to weave your hair? people stare, thought you was a model or a millionare but now it's over and you ain't cryin' for this thug nigga fairwell, love, keep the diamonds and the love letters and that's the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth  what you got to say for yourself? i got a whole lot to say for my self you better watch your mouth  love letters and chedders, i see frames, it's all the same tried to control the game with your ball and chain now you're callin' my name with your balls in pain and it's a shame, i'm in the baller's hall of fame comin' late at night and leave me hurt with my back bent call me up and try to gas me with your accent but that's it pun, now whatcha wanna do? remember punish me now i'ma punish you you're my 1 lady  you're my 1 lady  you're my 1 lady  she's my number one girl  you're my 1 lady  you're my 1 lady  you said i was your number one lady but how many more like me? maybe two or maybe three, tell me you said i was your number one lady ain't many more like me why don't you look then you'll see