it's really real, when i feel the way that i do right now i see all my brothers underground pushing up daisies, man, it amazes me that you can't see where you gonna be a statistic, everybody's gon' call ballistic if you had a good day, damn, i must have missed it cause you mad at the universe going to hell with everybody else cause you want your own first i got the urge to let you in on a little secret cause you keep dying if i keep it all the keeling that you're feeling is from within for the copper check the color of your skin why lie? i couldn't try even if i had to born with the bullet-proof vest when i had you a black woman trying to get through to the few so you can leave the next crew 5 o'clock in the morning. where you gonna be?  you better get yourself together while you're wasting all your time right along with your mind 5 o'clock in the morning. where you gonna be?  you better get yourself together while you're wasting all your time right along with your mind  why should i do right and suffer i rather do wrong making that loopy and that hustler instead of hot-dogs i'm eating porks up in their smother and got a gang of loot up in the safe up in my covers on top of all that i push big fat lex and got my hoes that in golf course just in case i feel like flexing so i must ask, for real though, who are you see, i'm a big man  yeah, you know you'se a big man, check it i went for twelve years to school and never could read a knowledge of my hood is something they can never teach me i never started to step but i kept up with the joneses having rollers... my little pinky ring i did a lot of kinky thing the girls knew it, flock into it i'm around my old way, yeah, they still wants to do it its not about the clothes that you got on your back but the money in your pocket and if you're down like that come on 5 o'clock in the morning. where you gonna be?  you better get yourself together while you're wasting all your time right along with your mind 5 o'clock in the morning. where you gonna be?  you better get yourself together while you're wasting all your time right along with your mind wella, mr. black man tell me where you're heading the last few years i watched while you were sheading pounds and pounds on growth for the population soon we won't be able to have a strong black nation a shooting here, a stabbing there nowhere to stop cause now you're dying from the dose of the crack rock i'm just a nubian queen that needs a king to stand strong and try to press on it's not a white man's finger on the trigger car-jacks, drive-by's, callin' each other nigga i'm not here to scold but rather shape n' mold that young black mind that won't live to grow old cause you're fronting smoking on the blunt and down with your friends cause you think you're making ends but you're not - and that's the truth of the matter your brother gettin' skinny, cause you want your pockets fatter 5 o'clock in the morning. where you gonna be?  you better get yourself together while you're wasting all your time right along with your mind 5 o'clock in the morning. where you gonna be?  you better get yourself together while you're wasting all your time right along with your mind