oooh  oooh  check it out see what i believe is we was granted the power what's that? power of what? ha, the power to make you dance like this i heard she's got a 9 to 5  but comin' in after 12  i know you're tired of her lies  just let her go, what the deal?   and now take me for instance, babe  see my love will drive ya crazy cause i be goin' boom like an 808  be makin' circles like a figure eight  you know it feels good from head to toe now hold on to me, baby, here we go you be goin' boom, baby, boom, baby, boom and i be goin' ooh, baby, ooh, baby, ooh  i heard she's not all that to you cause she can't do it like i do  so put that trophy on the shelf  go out and find somebody else now take me for instance, babe see my love will drive em crazy  cause i be goin' boom like an 808  be makin' circles like a figure eight  you know it feels good from head to toe  now hold onto me baby here we go  you be goin' boom baby boom baby boom  and i be goin' ooh baby ooh baby ooh  boom like an 808  circles like a figure eight  feels good from head to toe  to me, baby, here we go now, hold on to me, baby, here we go  ain't nobody can bang it like me stack it like me, what'n like me ask kelly, his original plan to get as large on the map, by makin' you clap your hands damn, shoot bizzatch, i'm not gonna lie i'll pump my amps to this cutie pie, honey bunch if you're not busy, take me to lunch oh, y'all done did it now, with the luscious music world poppin' crews, and what, 8-0 grooves to what intended use, yeah you to get me up you wanted to bump, and get them 8's cause they ride in my pocket baby and today i just wanna jiggle my bump and knock your socks off wit' my what? what? what?  yea yea boom like an 808  boom like an 808 circles like a figure eight circles like a figure eight  feels good from head to toe oh yeah, oh yeah, hmm  to me, baby, here we go get it babe, get it babe  boom like an 808 boom like an 808, ohhhh circles like a figure 8  feels good from head to toe ya know it feels good from head to toe to me baby here we go  you'll be goin' boom, baby, boom, baby  and i'll be goin' ooh baby ooh baby  you'll be goin' boom, baby, boom, baby  and i'll be goin' ooh, baby, ooh, baby boom like an 808  circles like a figure 8  feels good from head to toe  to me baby here we go  boom like an 808  circles like a figure 8 feels good from head to toe to me baby here we go boom like an 808 circles like a figure 8 outroskit radio mc, caller   wtme the best music on your fm dial yeah, caller you're on the air hello, is this wtme? yes it is well my name is shaquanda jenkins  uh huh and i'm from brooklyn, am i still on the radio? yes cause i got maaad stuff to say about them uh huh? oh my god that b  blaque?  easy with the language these b are the worst easy!  i heard the song, their song is mad whack  i don't even know why you playin' it on the radio  that will not be in the top 10 list at all, ya need to cut it out the system. is there anybody out there listenin' to them? cause i don't think so  their video was crazy corny, they're whack  they can't dress  they are so corny, they need to get a perm. tryin to be like tlc  tryin' to be like total, tryin' to be like swv, y'all tryin' to be everything but fly  i think we're gonna move on  we're gonna move onto the next caller  we're gonna move on  yeah we don't need that kind of energy on wtme  we're gonna move on