see, there comes a time in every man's life when he's got to fall in love and he's got to find the right woman and i think i found it in you oh, oh woke up this morning to breakfast in bed the coffee was hot and the eggs i got was right, so right girl, i gotta tell you that you're just too good for me oh, the things that you do makes it easy loving you even a blind man could see. oh, oh every night, i get down on my knees and give thanks for you for the things that you do 'cause only a fool would let go of you.  loving you  is so easy for me  to do said it's like abc.  simple as 123 said that i'm loving you, girl,  oooh, keep loving me  it's a shame that i, i love you, baby said it's like abc  and it's like 123.  said that i'm loving you, girl oh.  oh, baby, baby driving in my car i see something that'll look good on you. oh said i can't ignore it, but hell, i can't afford it  what's a simple man like me to do if you should ever leave me, i'll go out of my mind  'cause i want you  and i need you.  and i don't wanna be wasting my time.  no, no every night, i get down on my knees  and give thanks for you,  the things that you do 'cause only a fool would let go of you.   ohhhhhhh, baby said it's like, it's like abc,  123.   i'm loving you.  keep loving me.   if you need me you can call me on the pho-o-o-o-one it's like abc, simple as 123 heh, heh.  oh. oh, oh, oh, oh. oh said i feel some love coming on.  said i can feel it way down deep in my bones and i wanna shout it on out  from the mountaintops said i gotta, gotta, gotta let you know that i'm never gonna let you go i'm gonna keep loving you,  'cause that's all i want   la, la, la, la, deedle, deedle, deedle dee  together  together  oh, baby said i love you, baby.   said i wanna keep on saying i don't wanna beg said i wanna keep on saying i love you, i love you said i don't ever wanna lose you  wanna give you my love, wanna give you my time then i wanna keep coming, i'm gonna make you mine  hey, baby  yeah.  baby, yeah.  baby, baby, yeah.  baby, yeah.  don't ever wanna stop loving you, that's all i wanna do i love you.  i give you all, i give you all my loving, baby it's so easy for me to do.   i'm loving you, girl, so just keep loving me. hey, baby  i feel it way down deep in my toes, down in my soul said i never wanna let you go. no, no, no  abc  baby, yeah.  baby, yeah  baby, yeah, said i love you  i love you.   oh, oh, oh, oh can't never stop me loving you, baby.