drop! 2 fast drop! 2 furious i'm too fast for y'all, man drop! 2 fast drop! 2 furious i'm too fast for y'all, ahh! you just came home from doin a bid tell me whatchu gon' do? act a fool! somebody broke in and cleaned out your crib boy, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! just bought a new pair and they scuffed your shoes tell me whatchu gon' do? act a fool! now them cops tryna throw you in them county blues boy, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! talkin' about gats, traps, cops and robbers it's 9-1-1, please call the doctor! evacuate the building and trick the pigs since everybody wanna piece, we gon' split ya wigs see some fools slipped up and over-stepped they boundaries you about to catch a cold, stay the fuck around me! ya peeps talkin' 'bout what kinda shit's he on? you disappear like poof, bitch be gone! you think twelve gon' catch me? gimme a break! i'm super-charged with the hide-away license plates it seems they wanna finger print me and gimme some years they'll only get one finger while i'm shifting gears i got suede on my roof, wood grain on the dash sheep skin on the rug, golden grain in the stash hydraulics all around so i shake the ride we go front, back and side to side, what?! some punk just tripped up and made you spill your drink tell me whatchu gon' do? act a fool! now your car just stopped on a empty tank boy, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! if you got late bills and you lost your job tell me whatchu gon' do? act a fool! if you 'bout to get drunk and you ready to mob boy, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! let's take it to the streets 'cause i'm ready to cruise just bought me and my cars all some brand new shoes and the people just stare so i love to park it and i just put a computer in the glove compartment with my pedal to the floor, radar in the grill tv in the middle of my steering wheel it's my car's birthday, so we blowin' them candles more speakers in the trunk than my ride can handle got my name in the headrest, read it and weep nos tank in the back, camel hair on the seat and when i pull up to the club, i get all the affection 'cause the women love the paint and they can see they reflection i'm about to take off, so f what ya heard because my side mirrors flap like a fuckin' bird and for the fools, we gon' clock one and we'll pop one 'cause my folk ridin' shotgun with a shotgun you just got hustled for a wad of cash man, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! now your friends just smoked up your brand new stash say, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! now them girls up the block still runnin' they mouth boy, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! if anyone talk bad about the dirty south tell me what i'm gon' do? act a fool! i got my eyes wide shut and my trunk wide open did donuts last week and the street still smokin' see, i'm off that anti-freeze and my car is tipsy on the off-ramp, doin' about a hundred and fifty rollin through east point, on way to ben hill slide a five to the junkie to clean my windshield got the whole crew ridin' and we startin' shit i even got a trailer hitch with a barbeque pit and now all you wanna do is get drunk and pout plus your new name is fire, 'cause we stomped you out and yeah, we blow trees in vs that's fantastic so girls, hold ya weave while i'm weavin' through traffic i kick to fifth gear and tear the road apart you'll be like lil john q and get a change of heart it's one mission, two clips and some triple beams i'm about to blow this whole shit up to smithereens! the pot holes in the street just bentcha rims tell me whatchu gon' do? act a fool! man, that ain't sticky, that's sticks and stems! boy, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! catch ya man with another bitch up in ya bed ladies, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! if the bottle's all gone and your eyes are red boy, whatchu gon' do? act a fool! 2 fast , 2 furious  2 fast, act a fool! 2 fast , 2 furious  2 fast, act a fool! 2 fast , 2 furious  2 fast, act a fool! 2 fast , 2 furious  2 fast, act a fool! 2 fast , 2 furious  2 fast, act a fool! 2 fast , 2 furious 2 fast, act a fool!