yeah, haha nappy roots awnaw! awnaw! hell naw! boy y'all done up and done it awnaw! hell naw! boy y'all done up and done it awnaw! hell naw! boy y'all done up and done it ah, y'all done up and done it man, y'all done up and done it my first song was like forty-eight bars with no hook you hear me flippin' through my pages out my favorite notebook the microphone was in the closet  no headphones, we lost it niggas scared to get some water, roaches hangin' over the faucets no ac, tez'll break a sweat just tryin' to make beats e-dubz was being a hustler  flirtin' with all his customers, and flat broke nappy smokin' blacks out on the back po'ch i'm thinkin' i got everything a country boy could ask for now what we do to get here?  lay it down and bring it to ya raw  hey now we hurt some, suffered for more, takes what we work for hated for the cussin', but the hatred it made us cuss more  held on, but it was hard, stepped up, took charge ran through what we scared of, but what was we afraid for? look at what we made of, hard times done made us being here is alright, but must believe we want more! them country boys on the rise! with them big fat wheels on the side! peep them vertical grills on the ride! and aw-aw-aw-aw them country boys  with them big fat wheels  peep the vertical grills  and awwwwwwww!  my yegga, we hog wild, bet that from that roota to that toota-file hell naw, them country boys ain't headed south for six miles kentucky mud, them kinfolk, twankies with them hundred-spokes skullied on that front po'ch, plus you know they got 'dro seventy-nine coupe deville, vertical caddy grill interstate 65, headin' down to cashville glass-filled, to the tippy-top, back-seat benz spent my last cent on the rent, left with pocket lints a damn shame, gotta grind anything and everything jimmy crack corn, cross the county line with mary jane a long time, a gravel road, to cash and fame and sold my soul to hell and back, and back and forth with same jeans and nappy 'fro i might hop off the harley, smoke pot like bob marley block parties with shawties, wallin' like they swallowin' bacardi them butter-skin, prophet gutter like kin understand you 'bout to lose ya life fuckin' with them! them country boys on the rise! with them big fat wheels on the side! peep them vertical grills on the ride! and aw-aw-aw-aw them country boys  with them big fat wheels  peep the vertical grills  and awwwwwwww!  them country boys with them big fat wheels peep the vertical grills and aww! them country boys with them big fat wheels peep the vertical grills and aww! them country boys on the rise! with them big fat wheels on the side! peep them vertical grills on the ride! and aw-aw-aw-aw them country boys with them big fat wheels peep the vertical grills and aww!