at first, we started out real cool takin' me places i ain't never been but now, you're gettin' comfortable ain't doin' those things you did no more you're slowly makin' me pay for things your money should be handling and now you ask to use my car  drive it all day and don't fill up the tank and you have the audacity to even come and step to me and ask to hold some money from me until you get your check next week you triflin', good-for-nothin' type of brother silly me, why haven't i found another? a baller, when times get hard i need someone to help me out instead of a scrub like you who don't know what a man's about can you pay my bills? can you pay my telephone bills? do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill i don't think you do so, you and me are through can you pay my bills?  can you pay my telephone bills?  do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill i don't think you do  so, you and me are through  now you've been maxing out my cards  gave me bad credit, buyin' me gifts with my own ends haven't paid the first bill but you're steady headin' to the mall goin' on shopping sprees perpetratin' to your friends like you be ballin' and then you use my cellphone  callin' whoever that you think's at home and then, when the bill comes, all of a sudden, you be actin' dumb don't know where none of these calls come from when your mama's number's here more than once you triflin', good-for-nothin' type of brother silly me, why haven't i found another? a baller, when times get hard i need someone to help me out instead of a scrub like you who don't know what a man's about can you pay my bills?  can you pay my telephone bills?  do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill i don't think you do  so, you and me are through  can you pay my bills?  can you pay my telephone bills?  do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill i don't think you do  so, you and me are through  you triflin', good-for-nothin' type of brother  oh, silly me, why haven't i found another?  you triflin', good-for-nothing type of brother  oh, silly me, why haven't i found another?  you triflin', good-for-nothing type of brother  oh, silly me, why haven't i found another?  you triflin', good-for-nothin' type of brother  oh, silly me, why haven't i found another? can you pay my bills?  can you pay my telephone bills?  do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill i don't think you do  so, you and me are through  can you pay my bills?  can you pay my telephone bills?  do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill  i don't think you do  so, you and me are through can you pay my bills?  can you pay my telephone bills?  do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill i don't think you do  so, you and me are through  can you pay my bills? can you pay my telephone bills? do you pay my automo' bills?  if you did, then maybe we could chill i don't think you do so, you and me are through thou shalt confess