come-come on come on-come-come on-on  black suit's comin'  i'm comin', i'm comin', i'm comin', i'm comin' i am the man in black, i'm back breakin' the back of the random attackers, so can the flack yo, i'm dangerous, i've been trained to bust when a stranger force tryin' to endanger us praise me, y'all, don't nothin' faze me, y'all when they see me they gaze be all crazy, y'all they say i'm a myth, trust me if somebody riff out of the depths of your imaginations appears will smith black suit, the black shades, the black shoes black tie with the black attitude new style black ray-bans, i'm stunnin', man new hotness pitch black six hunnid, man don't you understand? what, you thought i wouldn't come again? leave you hangin' without bringin' you the fun again? tanglin' with the alien scum again mind ya manners or the black suits runnin' in nod ya head  let me see you nod ya head like this  let me see you , like this  let me see you bop ya head, nod ya head, come on  nod ya head  let me see you , like this  like this, let me see you nod ya head like this   check it, yo it's this chick, right? serleena, makin' me sick, right? earth is worthless to her, she be trippin' like threatenin' me and my mens, tryna get the light thinkin' she's superwoman, but black kryptonite finishin' whatever you start, son the best lookin' crime fighter since myself in part one better act right, play nice and sing along cause k is back and he hype, what? bring it on uh, wanna brawl with me? tryna brawl with me? uh, uh, what? what?  yo, what? what?  then, lemme, see you just, come on, just come on and  nod ya head like this  let me see you nod ya head  let me see you nod ya head like this  let me see you  let me see you nod ya head  let me see you , come on, come on let me see you , like this  let me see you , check it, check it, yo case closed, erase my foes chased away by the black suits, shades, and clothes we above the law, feds can't touch me, y'all highly ranked, black blank i.d. card so disregard what you think you saw put that phone down now, who you think you callin', huh? one little flash then good night dear just open your eyes, honey, look right here, thank you mission completed, i mean it, we won't be defeated you seen it, we did it, even with weapons depleted galaxy defenders, don't act like you don't remember takin' contenders and provin' they only pretenders ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls the men in black is back to protect the world when the enemy is near, the elite is here so have no fear, just, let me, see you nod ya head , come on  nod ya head like this  let me see you , like this  let me see you   woo   uh   yo, yo   yo, yo if you wanna rock then say  tell me if you wanna rock then say  if you wanna rock then say  come on, if you wanna rock then say  yo, if you wanna bop then say  tell me if you wanna rock then say  if you wanna nod then say  tell me if you wanna rock then say  ha