you why do they always send the poor? barbarisms by barbaras with pointed heels victorious victorias kneel for brand-new spanking deals marching forward, hypocritic and hypnotic computers you depend on our protection, yet you feed us lies from the tablecloth la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la, ooh-ooh everybody's going to the party, have a real good time dancin' in the desert, blowin' up the sunshine kneeling roses disappearing into moses' dry mouth breaking into fort knox, stealing our intentions hangars sitting dripped in oil, crying, freedom handed to obsoletion, still, you feed us lies from the tablecloth la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la, ooh-ooh everybody's going to the party, have a real good time dancin' in the desert, blowing up the sunshine everybody's goin' to the party, have a real good time dancin' in the desert, blowin' up the sunshine blast off, it's party time and we don't live in a fascist nation blast off, it's party time and where the fuck are you? where the fuck are you? where the fuck are you? why don't presidents fight the war? why do they always send the poor? why don't presidents fight the war? why do they always send the poor? why do they always send the poor? why do they always send the poor? why they always send the poor? kneeling roses disappearing into moses' dry mouth breaking into fort knox, stealing our intentions hangars sitting dripped in oil, crying, freedom handed to obsoletion, still, you feed us lies from the tablecloth la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la, ooh-ooh everybody's going to the party, have a real good time dancin' in the desert, blowin' up the sunshine well everybody's goin' to the party, have a real good time dancin' in the desert, blowin' up the sun where the fuck are you? where the fuck are you? why don't presidents fight the war? why do they always send the poor? why don't presidents fight the war? why do they always send the poor? why do they always send the poor? why do they always send the poor? why do they always send the poor? why do they always send the poor? why do they always send the poor? they always send the poor, they always send the poor