bad boy we ain't gon' stop now it's sean on the hot track, melt like it's hot wax put it out, all the stores, bet you could shop that  leave a nigga with a hot hat fronting like bad boy ain't got tracks, nigga, stop that there's no guy slicker than this young fly nigga nickel-nine nigga, floss, you die quicker  did fed time, out-of-town pie-flipperturn cristal into a crooked-i-sipper everybody want to be fast, see the cash fuck around, they weak staff get a heat rash anything in bad boy way, we smash  hundred-g stash, push a bulletproof e-class  i'm through with bein a player and a baller just want me one bad bitch so i can spoil her mase wanna be the one you respect, even when you're vexed rock versace silks over silk v-necks got green never seen, so you suck my jewels clutch my uz', anything i touch, i bruise puff make his own law, nigga, fuck your rules  goodfellas, you know you can't touch us dudes don't push us 'cause we're close to the edge we're trying not to lose our heads, aha-ha-ha-ha broken glass everywhere if it ain't about no money, puff, i just don't care  i'm that goodfella fly guy, sometime wiseguy spend time in h-a-w-a-i-i mase, can you please stop smoking la-la? puff, why try? i'm a thug, i'ma die high i be out in jersey, puffin' hershey brothers ain't worthy to rock my derby no, i'm never drug-free when i'm the club, g though i know the thugs be wantin' to slug me  could it be i move as smooth as bugsy?  or be at the bar with too much bubbly?  yo, i think it must be the girls wanna lust me or is it simply the girls just love me? brothers wanna, rock my rolls, rock my clothes rock my ice, pull out glocks, stop my life  i'm like, damn, how these niggas got that trif'? used to be my man, how he gonna plot on my wife? do you think he snake me 'cause he hate me? or he got his ph.d., player hatin' degree  can't nobody take my pride  can't nobody hold me down oh, no i got to keep on movin' quit that,  you a big cat?  where your chicks at?  where your whips at?  wherever you get stacks, i'ma fix that everything that's big dreams, i did that  don't knock me 'cause you're boring i'm record-sales-soaring, straight touring simply a lot of men be wanting to hear me 'cause their words just don't offend me  we spend cheese in the west indies then come home to plenty cream bentleys  you name it, i could claim it young, black, and famous, with money hangin' out the anus and when you need a hit, who you go and get?  bet against us?  we make hits that'll rearrange your whole set  and got a benz that i ain't even drove yet don't push us, 'cause we're close to the edge we're trying not to lose our heads, aha-ha-ha-ha bridge mase  puff daddy  i get the feeling sometime, it make me wonder why you wanna take us under? why you wanna take us under? i get the feeling sometime, it make me wonder why you wanna take us under why you wanna take us under? can't nobody take my pride  can't nobody hold me down oh, no i got to keep on movin' can't nobody take my pride  can't nobody hold me down oh, no i got to keep on movin' can't nobody take my pride  can't nobody hold me down oh, no i got to keep on movin' can't nobody take my pride  can't nobody hold me down