you just don't know what you do to me  uh, uh verse 1 the notorious b.i.g.  puff daddy  give me all the chicken heads from pasadena to medina  bet big get in between you , then see you  peep the prognosis, doses, blends and bends like twizzlers big is fitting to hurt what's under that skirt  who filling 'em with octane? got 'em gassed up, 'bout to get blast up, some  the last one, word to mother, brother, miss em i seen it when he kissed him at the wake, made his body shake  the high guy in 850i, smoke tint rap terror, four chrome antera's  two-fives by the livers, the fifth's inconspicuous bad boy slipped in '95? ridiculous  my rap lines is like land mines  one step, ka-boom  black suits fill the room to whom it may concern, junior m.a.f.i.a.'s the clique  act up, i'll have my honeys total bust your shit  in the middle of the day now, baby i seem to think of only you, hey, oh, oh, yeah never thinking for a moment, baby that you've been thinking of me too, yeah, so i can't wait for the day that we can be together i can't let you walk away  can't you see you and me, we're meant to be, oh baby and there's nothing left to say can't you see what you do to me?  our love was meant to be , you were made for me oh, baby, can't you see what you do to me? our love was meant to be , you were made for me  every time i see you i get this feeling, oh, yeah  telling me you are the one, oh, what a feeling, hey  i can't wait for the day that we can be together i can't let you walk away, oh can't you see you and me, we're meant to be, oh, baby and there's nothing left for me to say oh, baby, can't you see what you do to me?  our love was meant to be you were made for me  oh, baby, can't you see what you do to me?  our love was meant to be you were made for me  take me away , so far away what would you do to me, oh, oh, oh? i want to be alone together somewhere, just you and me oh, oh oh, baby, can't you see what you do to me  our love was meant to be, you were made for me, oh baby  can't you see what you do to me?  our love was meant to be, you were made for me  oh, baby, can't you see what you do to me? our love was meant to be, you were made for me, oh baby can't you see what you do to me?  our love was meant to be, you were made for me oh, baby, can't you see what you do to me?  our love was meant to be, you were made for me, oh baby  can't you see what you do to me? our love was meant to be, you were made for me  oh, baby, can't you see what you do to me? our love was meant to be, you were made for me, oh baby