i see your face cloud over like a little girl's your eyes have lost their shine you whisper something softly i'm not meant to hear baby, tell me what's on your mind i don't care what people say about the two of us from different worlds i love you so much that it hurts inside are you listening? listen to me, girl can't we try just a little bit harder? can't we give just a little bit more? can't we try to understand that it's love we're fightin' for?  can't we try just a little more passion? can't we try just a little less pride? love you so much, baby that it tears me up inside i hear you on the telephone with god knows who spillin' out your heart for free everyone needs someone they can talk to girl, that someone should be me so many times i tried to tell you you just turned away  my life is changing so fast now leaves me lonely and afraid  can't we try just a little bit harder? can't we give just a little bit more? can't we try to understand that it's love we're fightin' for?  can't we try just a little more passion? can't we try just a little less pride? love you so much, baby that it tears me up inside don't let our love fade away don't let our love fade away no matter what people say no matter, no matter what they say 'cause i need you more and more each day don't let our love fade away no matter what people say no matter, no matter what they say can't we try just a little bit harder? can't we give just a little bit more? can't we try to understand that it's love we're fightin' for?  can't we try just a little more passion? can't we try just a little less pride? love you so much, baby that it tears me up inside  can't we try just a little bit harder?  can't we give just a little bit more?  can't we try to understand that it's love we're fightin' for?  can't we try just a little more passion?  can't we try just a little less pride?  love you so much, baby that it tears me up inside  can't we try just a little bit harder?  can't we give just a little bit more?  can't we try to understand that it's love we're fightin' for?