the siege of corinth in the year since jesus died for men, eighteen hundred years and ten, we were a gallant company, riding o'er land, and sailing o'er sea. oh! but we went merrily! we forded the river, and clomb the high hill, never our steeds for a day stood still whether we lay in the cave or the shed, our sleep fell soft on the hardest bed whether we couched in our rough capote, on the rougher plank of our gliding boat, or stretched on the beach, or our saddles spread, as a pillow beneath the resting head, fresh we woke upon the morrow all our thoughts and words had scope, we had health, and we had hope, toil and travel, but no sorrow. we were of all tongues and creeds some were those who counted beads, some of mosque, and some of church, and some, or i mis-say, of neither yet through the wide world might ye search, nor find a motlier crew nor blither. but some are dead, and some are gone, and some are scattered and alone, and some are rebels on the hills that look along epirus' valleys, where freedom still at moments rallies, and pays in blood oppression's ills and some are in a far countree, and some all restlessly at home but never more, oh! never, we shall meet to revel and to roam. but those hardy days flew cheerily! and when they now fall drearily, my thoughts, like swallows, skim the main, and bear my spirit back again over the earth, and through the air, a wild bird and a wanderer. 'tis this that ever wakes my strain, and oft, too oft, implores again the few who may endure my lay, to follow me so far away. stranger, wilt thou follow now, and sit with me on acro-corinth's brow? i. many a vanished year and age, and tempest's breath, and battle's rage, have swept o'er corinth yet she stands, a fortress formed to freedom's hands. the whirlwind's wrath, the earthquake's shock, have left untouched her hoary rock, the keystone of a land, which still, though fall'n, looks proudly on that hill, the landmark to the double tide that purpling rolls on either side, as if their waters chafed to meet, yet pause and crouch beneath her feet. but could the blood before her shed since first timoleon's brother bled, or baffled persia's despot fled, arise from out the earth which drank the stream of slaughter as it sank, that sanguine ocean would o'erflow her isthmus idly spread below or could the bones of all the slain, who perished there, be piled again, that rival pyramid would rise more mountain-like, through those clear skies than yon tower-capp'd acropolis, which seems the very clouds to kiss. ii. on dun cithron's ridge appears the gleam of twice ten thousand spears and downward to the isthmian plain, from shore to shore of either main, the tent is pitched, the crescent shines along the moslem's leaguering lines and the dusk spahi's bands advance beneath each bearded pacha's glance and far and wide as eye can reach the turbaned cohorts throng the beach and there the arab's camel kneels, and there his steed the tartar wheels the turcoman hath left his herd, the sabre round his loins to gird and there the volleying thunders pour, till waves grow smoother to the roar. the trench is dug, the cannon's breath wings the far hissing globe of death fast whirl the fragments from the wall, which crumbles with the ponderous ball and from that wall the foe replies, o'er dusty plain and smoky skies, with fares that answer fast and well the summons of the infidel. iii. but near and nearest to the wall of those who wish and work its fall, with deeper skill in war's black art, than othman's sons, and high of heart as any chief that ever stood triumphant in the fields of blood from post to post, and deed to deed, fast spurring on his reeking steed, where sallying ranks the trench assail, and make the foremost moslem quail or where the battery, guarded well, remains as yet impregnable, alighting cheerly to inspire the soldier slackening in his fire the first and freshest of the host which stamboul's sultan there can boast, to guide the follower o'er the field, to point the tube, the lance to wield, or whirl around the bickering blade was alp, the adrian renegade! iv. from veniceonce a race of worth his gentle sireshe drew his birth but late an exile from her shore, against his countrymen he bore the arms they taught to bear and now the turban girt his shaven brow. through many a change had corinth passed with greece to venice' rule at last and here, before her walls, with those to greece and venice equal foes, he stood a foe, with all the zeal which young and fiery converts feel, within whose heated bosom throngs the memory of a thousand wrongs. to him had venice ceased to be her ancient civic boastthe free and in the palace of st. mark unnamed accusers in the dark within the lion's mouth had placed a charge against him uneffaced he fled in time, and saved his life, to waste his future years in strife, that taught his land how great her loss in him who triumphed o'er the cross, 'gainst which he reared the crescent high, and battled to avenge or die. v. coumourgihe whose closing scene adorned the triumph of eugene, when on carlowitz' bloody plain, the last and mightiest of the slain, he sank, regretting not to die, but cursed the christian's victory coumourgican his glory cease, that latest conqueror of greece, till christian hands to greece restore the freedom venice gave of yore? a hundred years have rolled away since he refixed the moslem's sway and now he led the mussulman, and gave the guidance of the van to alp, who well repaid the trust by cities levelled with the dust and proved, by many a deed of death, how firm his heart in novel faith. vi. the walls grew weak and fast and hot against them poured the ceaseless shot, with unabating fury sent from battery to battlement and thunder-like the pealing din rose from each heated culverin and here and there some crackling dome was fired before the exploding bomb and as the fabric sank beneath the shattering shell's volcanic breath, in red and wreathing columns flashed the flame, as loud the ruin crashed, or into countless meteors driven, its earth-stars melted into heaven whose clouds that day grew doubly dun, impervious to the hidden sun, with volumed smoke that slowly grew to one wide sky of sulphurous hue. vii. but not for vengeance, long delayed, alone, did alp, the renegade, the moslem warriors sternly teach his skill to pierce the promised breach within these walls a maid was pent his hope would win, without consent of that inexorable sire, whose heart refused him in its ire, when alp, beneath his christian name, her virgin hand aspired to claim. in happier mood, and earlier time, while unimpeached for traitorous crime, gayest in gondola or hall, he glittered through the carnival and tuned the softest serenade that e'er on adria's waters played at midnight to italian maid. viii. and many deemed her heart was won for sought by numbers, given to none, had young francesca's hand remained still by the church's bonds unchained and when the adriatic bore lanciotto to the paynim shore, her wonted smiles were seen to fail, and pensive waxed the maid and pale more constant at confessional, more rare at masque and festival or seen at such, with downcast eyes, which conquered hearts they ceased to prize with listless look she seems to gaze with humbler care her form arrays her voice less lively in the song her step, though light, less fleet among the pairs, on whom the morning's glance breaks, yet unsated with the dance. ix. sent by the state to guard the land,  minotti held in corinth's towers the doge's delegated powers, while yet the pitying eye of peace smiled o'er her long forgotten greece and ere that faithless truce was broke which freed her from the unchristian yoke, with him his gentle daughter came nor there, since menelaus' dame forsook her lord and land, to prove what woes await on lawless love, had fairer form adorned the shore than she, the matchless stranger, bore. x. the wall is rent, the ruins yawn and, with to-morrow's earliest dawn, o'er the disjointed mass shall vault the foremost of the fierce assault. the bands are rankedthe chosen van of tartar and of mussulman, the full of hope, misnamed forlorn, who hold the thought of death in scorn, and win their way with falchion's force, or pave the path with many a corse, o'er which the following brave may rise, their stepping-stonethe last who dies! xi. 'tis midnight on the mountains brown the cold, round moon shines deeply down blue roll the waters, blue the sky spreads like an ocean hung on high, bespangled with those isles of light, so wildly, spiritually bright who ever gazed upon them shining and turned to earth without repining, nor wished for wings to flee away, and mix with their eternal ray? the waves on either shore lay there calm, clear, and azure as the air and scarce their foam the pebbles shook, but murmured meekly as the brook. the winds were pillowed on the waves the banners drooped along their staves, and, as they fell around them furling, above them shone the crescent curling and that deep silence was unbroke, save where the watch his signal spoke, save where the steed neighed oft and shrill, and echo answered from the hill, and the wide hum of that wild host rustled like leaves from coast to coast, as rose the muezzin's voice in air in midnight call to wonted prayer it rose, that chanted mournful strain, like some lone spirit's o'er the plain 'twas musical, but sadly sweet, such as when winds and harp-strings meet, and take a long unmeasured tone, to mortal minstrelsy unknown. it seemed to those within the wall a cry prophetic of their fall it struck even the besieger's ear with something ominous and drear, an undefined and sudden thrill, which makes the heart a moment still, then beat with quicker pulse, ashamed of that strange sense its silence framed such as a sudden passing-bell wakes, though but for a stranger's knell. xii. the tent of alp was on the shore the sound was hushed, the prayer was o'er the watch was set, the night-round made, all mandates issued and obeyed 'tis but another anxious night, his pains the morrow may requite with all revenge and love can pay, in guerdon for their long delay. few hours remain, and he hath need of rest, to nerve for many a deed of slaughter but within his soul the thoughts like troubled waters roll. he stood alone among the host not his the loud fanatic boast to plant the crescent o'er the cross, or risk a life with little loss, secure in paradise to be by houris loved immortally nor his, what burning patriots feel, the stern exaltedness of zeal, profuse of blood, untired in toil, when battling on the parent soil. he stood alonea renegade against the country he betrayed he stood alone amidst his band, without a trusted heart or hand they followed him, for he was brave, and great the spoil he got and gave they crouched to him, for he had skill to warp and wield the vulgar will but still his christian origin with them was little less than sin. they envied even the faithless fame he earned beneath a moslem name since he, their mightiest chief, had been in youth a bitter nazarene. they did not know how pride can stoop, when baffled feelings withering droop they did not know how hate can burn in hearts once changed from soft to stern nor all the false and fatal zeal the convert of revenge can feel. he ruled themman may rule the worst, by ever daring to be first so lions o'er the jackals sway the jackal points, he fells the prey, then on the vulgar, yelling, press, to gorge the relics of success. xiii. his head grows fevered, and his pulse the quick successive throbs convulse in vain from side to side he throws his form, in courtship of repose or if he dozed, a sound, a start awoke him with a sunken heart. the turban on his hot brow pressed, the mail weighed lead-like on his breast, though oft and long beneath its weight upon his eyes had slumber sate, without or couch or canopy, except a rougher field and sky than now might yield a warrior's bed, than now along the heaven was spread. he could not rest, he could not stay within his tent to wait for day, but walked him forth along the sand, where thousand sleepers strewed the strand. what pillowed them? and why should he more wakeful than the humblest be, since more their peril, worse their toil? and yet they fearless dream of spoil while he alone, where thousands passed a night of sleep, perchance their last, in sickly vigil wandered on, and envied all he gazed upon. xiv. he felt his soul become more light beneath the freshness of the night. cool was the silent sky, though calm, and bathed his brow with airy balm behind, the campbefore him lay, in many a winding creek and bay, lepanto's gulf and, on the brow of delphi's hill, unshaken snow, high and eternal, such as shone through thousand summers brightly gone, along the gulf, the mount, the clime it will not melt, like man, to time tyrant and slave are swept away, less formed to wear before the ray but that white veil, the lightest, frailest, which on the mighty mount thou hailest, while tower and tree are torn and rent, shines o'er its craggy battlement in form a peak, in height a cloud, in texture like a hovering shroud, thus high by parting freedom spread, as from her fond abode she fled, and lingered on the spot, where long her prophet spirit spake in song. oh! still her step at moments falters o'er withered fields, and ruined altars, and fain would wake, in souls too broken, by pointing to each glorious token but vain her voice, till better days dawn in those yet remembered rays, which shone upon the persian flying, and saw the spartan smile in dying. xv. not mindless of these mighty times was alp, despite his flight and crimes and through this night, as on he wandered, and o'er the past and present pondered, and thought upon the glorious dead who there in better cause had bled, he felt how faint and feebly dim the fame that could accrue to him, who cheered the band, and waved the sword, a traitor in a turbaned horde and led them to the lawless siege, whose best success were sacrilege. not so had those his fancy numbered, the chiefs whose dust around him slumbered their phalanx marshalled on the plain, whose bulwarks were not then in vain. they fell devoted, but undying the very gale their names seemed sighing the waters murmured of their name the woods were peopled with their fame the silent pillar, lone and grey, claimed kindred with their sacred clay their spirits wrapped the dusky mountain, their memory sparkled o'er the fountain the meanest rill, the mightiest river rolled mingling with their fame for ever. despite of every yoke she bears, that land is glory's still and theirs! 'tis still a watch-word to the earth when man would do a deed of worth he points to greece, and turns to tread, so sanctioned, on the tyrant's head he looks to her, and rushes on where life is lost, or freedom won. xvi. still by the shore alp mutely mused, and wooed the freshness night diffused. there shrinks no ebb in that tideless sea, which changeless rolls eternally so that wildest of waves, in their angriest mood, scarce break on the bounds of the land for a rood and the powerless moon beholds them flow, heedless if she come or go calm or high, in main or bay, on their course she hath no sway. the rock unworn its base doth bare, and looks o'er the surf, but it comes not there and the fringe of the foam may be seen below, on the line that it left long ages ago a smooth short space of yellow sand between it and the greener land. he wandered on along the beach, till within the range of a carbine's reach of the leaguered wall but they saw him not, or how could he 'scape from the hostile shot? did traitors lurk in the christians' hold? were their hands grown stiff, or their hearts waxed cold? i know not, in sooth but from yonder wall there flashed no fire, and there hissed no ball, though he stood beneath the bastion's frown, that flanked the seaward gate of the town though he heard the sound, and could almost tell the sullen words of the sentinel, as his measured step on the stone below clanked, as he paced it to and fro and he saw the lean dogs beneath the wall hold o'er the dead their carnival, gorging and growling o'er carcass and limb they were too busy to bark at him! from a tartar's skull they had stripped the flesh, as ye peel the fig when its fruit is fresh and their white tusks crunched o'er the whiter skull, as it slipped through their jaws, when their edge grew dull, as they lazily mumbled the bones of the dead, when they scarce could rise from the spot where they fed so well had they broken a lingering fast with those who had fallen for that night's repast. and alp knew, by the turbans that rolled on the sand, the foremost of these were the best of his band crimson and green were the shawls of their wear, and each scalp had a single long tuft of hair, all the rest was shaven and bare. the scalps were in the wild dog's maw, the hair was tangled round his jaw but close by the shore, on the edge of the gulf, there sat a vulture flapping a wolf, who had stolen from the hills, but kept away, scared by the dogs, from the human prey but he seized on his share of a steed that lay, picked by the birds, on the sands of the bay. xvii. alp turned him from the sickening sight never had shaken his nerves in fight but he better could brook to behold the dying, deep in the tide of their warm blood lying, scorched with the death-thirst, and writhing in vain, than the perishing dead who are past all pain. there is something of pride in the perilous hour, whate'er be the shape in which death may lower for fame is there to say who bleeds, and honour's eye on daring deeds! but when all is past, it is humbling to tread o'er the weltering field of the tombless dead, and see worms of the earth, and fowls of the air, beasts of the forest, all gathering there all regarding man as their prey, all rejoicing in his decay. xviii. there is a temple in ruin stands, fashioned by long forgotten hands two or three columns, and many a stone, marble and granite, with grass o'ergrown! out upon time! it will leave no more of the things to come than the things before! out upon time! who for ever will leave but enough of the past for the future to grieve o'er that which hath been, and o'er that which must be what we have seen, our sons shall see remnants of things that have passed away, fragments of stone, reared by creatures of clay! xix. he sate him down at a pillar's base, and passed his hand athwart his face like one in dreary musing mood, declining was his attitude his head was drooping on his breast, fevered, throbbing, and oppressed and o'er his brow, so downward bent, oft his beating fingers went, hurriedly, as you may see your own run over the ivory key, ere the measured tone is taken by the chords you would awaken. there he sate all heavily, as he heard the night-wind sigh. was it the wind through some hollow stone, sent that soft and tender moan? he lifted his head, and he looked on the sea, but it was unrippled as glass may be he looked on the long grassit waved not a blade how was that gentle sound conveyed? he looked to the bannerseach flag lay still, so did the leaves on cithron's hill, and he felt not a breath come over his cheek what did that sudden sound bespeak? 530 he turned to the leftis he sure of sight? there sate a lady, youthful and bright! xx. he started up with more of fear than if an armd foe were near. god of my fathers! what is here? who art thou? and wherefore sent so near a hostile armament? his trembling hands refused to sign the cross he deemed no more divine he had resumed it in that hour, but conscience wrung away the power. he gazed, he saw he knew the face of beauty, and the form of grace it was francesca by his side, the maid who might have been his bride! the rose was yet upon her cheek, but mellowed with a tenderer streak where was the play of her soft lips fled? gone was the smile that enlivened their red. the ocean's calm within their view, beside her eye had less of blue but like that cold wave it stood still, and its glance, though clear, was chill. around her form a thin robe twining, nought concealed her bosom shining through the parting of her hair, floating darkly downward there, her rounded arm showed white and bare and ere yet she made reply, once she raised her hand on high it was so wan, and transparent of hue, you might have seen the moon shine through. xxi. i come from my rest to him i love best, that i may be happy, and he may be blessed. i have passed the guards, the gate, the wall sought thee in safety through foes and all. 'tis said the lion will turn and flee from a maid in the pride of her purity and the power on high, that can shield the good thus from the tyrant of the wood, hath extended its mercy to guard me as well from the hands of the leaguering infidel. i comeand if i come in vain, never, oh never, we meet again! thou hast done a fearful deed in falling away from thy fathers' creed but dash that turban to earth, and sign the sign of the cross, and for ever be mine wring the black drop from thy heart, and to-morrow unites us no more to part. and where should our bridal couch be spread? in the midst of the dying and the dead? for to-morrow we give to the slaughter and flame the sons and the shrines of the christian name. none, save thou and thine, i've sworn, shall be left upon the morn but thee will i bear to a lovely spot, where our hands shall be joined, and our sorrow forgot. there thou yet shall be my bride, when once again i've quelled the pride of venice and her hated race have felt the arm they would debase scourge, with a whip of scorpions, those whom vice and envy made my foes. upon his hand she laid her own light was the touch, but it thrilled to the bone, and shot a chillness to his heart, which fixed him beyond the power to start. though slight was that grasp so mortal cold, he could not loose him from its hold but never did clasp of one so dear strike on the pulse with such feeling of fear, as those thin fingers, long and white, froze through his blood by their touch that night. the feverish glow of his brow was gone, and his heart sank so still that it felt like stone, as he looked on the face, and beheld its hue, so deeply changed from what he knew fair but faintwithout the ray of mind, that made each feature play like sparkling waves on a sunny day and her motionless lips lay still as death, and her words came forth without her breath, and there rose not a heave o'er her bosom's swell, and there seemed not a pulse in her veins to dwell. though her eye shone out, yet the lids were fixed, and the glance that it gave was wild and unmixed with aught of change, as the eyes may seem of the restless who walk in a troubled dream like the figures on arras, that gloomily glare, stirred by the breath of the wintry air so seen by the dying lamp's fitful light, lifeless, but life-like, and awful to sight as they seem, through the dimness, about to come down from the shadowy wall where their images frown fearfully flitting to and fro, as the gusts on the tapestry come and go. if not for love of me be given thus much, then, for the love of heaven, again i saythat turban tear from off thy faithless brow, and swear thine injured country's sons to spare, or thou art lost and never shalt see not earththat's pastbut heaven or me. if this thou dost accord, albeit a heavy doom' tis thine to meet, that doom shall half absolve thy sin, and mercy's gate may receive thee within but pause one moment more, and take the curse of him thou didst forsake and look once more to heaven, and see its love for ever shut from thee. there is a light cloud by the moon 'tis passing, and will pass full soon if, by the time its vapoury sail hath ceased her shaded orb to veil, thy heart within thee is not changed, then god and man are both avenged dark will thy doom be, darker still thine immortality of ill. alp looked to heaven, and saw on high the sign she spake of in the sky but his heart was swollen, and turned aside, by deep interminable pride. this first false passion of his breast rolled like a torrent o'er the rest. he sue for mercy! he dismayed by wild words of a timid maid! he, wronged by venice, vow to save her sons, devoted to the grave! nothough that cloud were thunder's worst, and charged to crush himlet it burst! he looked upon it earnestly, without an accent of reply he watched it passing it is flown full on his eye the clear moon shone, and thus he spakewhate'er my fate, i am no changeling'tis too late the reed in storms may bow and quiver, then rise again the tree must shiver. what venice made me, i must be, her foe in all, save love to thee but thou art safe oh, fly with me! he turned, but she is gone! nothing is there but the column stone. hath she sunk in the earth, or melted in air? he saw nothe knew notbut nothing is there. xxii. the night is past, and shines the sun as if that morn were a jocund one. lightly and brightly breaks away the morning from her mantle grey, and the noon will look on a sultry day. hark to the trump, and the drum, and the mournful sound of the barbarous horn, and the flap of the banners, that flit as they're borne, and the neigh of the steed, and the multitude's hum, and the clash, and the shout, they come! they come! the horsetails are plucked from the ground, and the sword from its sheath and they form, and but wait for the word. tartar, and spahi, and turcoman, strike your tents, and throng to the van mount ye, spur ye, skirr the plain, that the fugitive may flee in vain, when he breaks from the town and none escape, agd or young, in the christian shape while your fellows on foot, in a fiery mass, bloodstain the breach through which they pass. the steeds are all bridled, and snort to the rein curved is each neck, and flowing each mane white is the foam of their champ on the bit the spears are uplifted the matches are lit the cannon are pointed, and ready to roar, and crush the wall they have crumbled before forms in his phalanx each janizar alp at their head his right arm is bare, so is the blade of his scimitar the khan and the pachas are all at their post the vizier himself at the head of the host. when the culverin's signal is fired, then on leave not in corinth a living one a priest at her altars, a chief in her halls, a hearth in her mansions, a stone on her walls. god and the prophetalla hu! up to the skies with that wild halloo! there the breach lies for passage, the ladder to scale and your hands on your sabres, and how should ye fail? he who first downs with the red cross may crave his heart's dearest wish let him ask it, and have! thus uttered coumourgi, the dauntless vizier the reply was the brandish of sabre and spear, and the shout of fierce thousands in joyous ire silencehark to the signalfire! xxiii. as the wolves, that headlong go on the stately buffalo, though with fiery eyes, and angry roar, and hoofs that stamp, and horns that gore, he tramples on earth, or tosses on high the foremost, who rush on his strength but to die thus against the wall they went, thus the first were backward bent many a bosom, sheathed in brass, strewed the earth like broken glass, shivered by the shot, that tore the ground whereon they moved no more even as they fell, in files they lay, like the mower's grass at the close of day, when his work is done on the levelled plain such was the fall of the foremost slain. xxiv. as the spring-tides, with heavy plash, from the cliffs invading dash huge fragments, sapped by the ceaseless flow, till white and thundering down they go, like the avalanche's snow on the alpine vales below thus at length, outbreathed and worn, corinth's sons were downward borne by the long and oft renewed charge of the moslem multitude. in firmness they stood, and in masses they fell, heaped by the host of the infidel, hand to hand, and foot to foot nothing there, save death, was mute stroke, and thrust, and flash, and cry for quarter, or for victory, mingle there with the volleying thunder, which makes the distant cities wonder how the sounding battle goes, if with them, or for their foes if they must mourn, or may rejoice in that annihilating voice, which pierces the deep hills through and through with an echo dread and new you might have heard it, on that day, o'er salamis and megara  even unto pirus' bay. xxv. from the point of encountering blades to the hilt, sabres and swords with blood were gilt but the rampart is won, and the spoil begun, and all but the after carnage done. shriller shrieks now mingling come from within the plundered dome hark to the haste of flying feet, that splash in the blood of the slippery street but here and there, where 'vantage ground against the foe may still be found, desperate groups, of twelve or ten, make a pause, and turn again with banded backs against the wall, fiercely stand, or fighting fall. there stood an old manhis hairs were white, but his veteran arm was full of might so gallantly bore he the brunt of the fray, the dead before him, on that day, in a semicircle lay still he combated unwounded, though retreating, unsurrounded. many a scar of former fight lurked beneath his corslet bright but of every wound his body bore, each and all had been ta'en before though agd, he was so iron of limb, few of our youth could cope with him, and the foes, whom he singly kept at bay, outnumbered his thin hairs of silver grey. from right to left his sabre swept many an othman mother wept sons that were unborn, when dipped his weapon first in moslem gore, ere his years could count a score. of all he might have been the sire who fell that day beneath his ire for, sonless left long years ago, his wrath made many a childless foe and since the day, when in the strait his only boy had met his fate, his parent's iron hand did doom more than a human hecatomb. if shades by carnage be appeased, patroclus' spirit less was pleased than his, minotti's son, who died where asia's bounds and ours divide. buried he lay, where thousands before for thousands of years were inhumed on the shore what of them is left, to tell where they lie, and how they fell? not a stone on their turf, nor a bone in their graves but they live in the verse that immortally saves. xxvi. hark to the allah shout! a band of the mussulman bravest and best is at hand their leader's nervous arm is bare, swifter to smite, and never to spare unclothed to the shoulder it waves them on thus in the fight is he ever known others a gaudier garb may show, to tempt the spoil of the greedy foe many a hand's on a richer hilt, but none on a steel more ruddily gilt many a loftier turban may wear, alp is but known by the white arm bare look through the thick of the fight,'tis there! there is not a standard on that shore so well advanced the ranks before there is not a banner in moslem war will lure the delhis half so far it glances like a falling star! where'er that mighty arm is seen, the bravest be, or late have been there the craven cries for quarter vainly to the vengeful tartar or the hero, silent lying, scorns to yield a groan in dying mustering his last feeble blow 'gainst the nearest levelled foe, though faint beneath the mutual wound, grappling on the gory ground. xxvii. still the old man stood erect. and alp's career a moment checked. yield thee, minotti quarter take, for thine own, thy daughter's sake. never, renegado, never! though the life of thy gift would last for ever. francesca!oh, my promised bride! must she too perish by thy pride! she is safe.where? where?in heaven from whence thy traitor soul is driven far from thee, and undefiled. grimly then minotti smiled, as he saw alp staggering bow before his words, as with a blow. oh god! when died she?yesternight nor weep i for her spirit's flight none of my pure race shall be slaves to mahomet and thee come on!that challenge is in vain alp's already with the slain! while minotti's words were wreaking more revenge in bitter speaking than his falchion's point had found, had the time allowed to wound, from within the neighbouring porch of a long defended church, where the last and desperate few would the failing fight renew, the sharp shot dashed alp to the ground ere an eye could view the wound that crashed through the brain of the infidel, round he spun, and down he fell a flash like fire within his eyes blazed, as he bent no more to rise, and then eternal darkness sunk through all the palpitating trunk nought of life left, save a quivering where his limbs were slightly shivering they turned him on his back his breast and brow were stained with gore and dust, and through his lips the life-blood oozed, from its deep veins lately loosed but in his pulse there was no throb, nor on his lips one dying sob sigh, nor word, nor struggling breath heralded his way to death ere his very thought could pray, unaneled he passed away, without a hope from mercy's aid, to the last a renegade. xxviii. fearfully the yell arose of his followers, and his foes these in joy, in fury those then again in conflict mixing, clashing swords, and spears transfixing, interchanged the blow and thrust, hurling warriors in the dust. street by street, and foot by foot, still minotti dares dispute the latest portion of the land left beneath his high command with him, aiding heart and hand, the remnant of his gallant band. still the church is tenable, whence issued late the fated ball that half avenged the city's fall, when alp, her fierce assailant, fell thither bending sternly back, they leave before a bloody track and, with their faces to the foe, dealing wounds with every blow, the chief, and his retreating train, join to those within the fane there they yet may breathe awhile, sheltered by the massy pile. xxix. brief breathing-time! the turbaned host, with added ranks and raging boast, press onwards with such strength and heat, their numbers balk their own retreat for narrow the way that led to the spot where still the christians yielded not and the foremost, if fearful, may vainly try through the massy column to turn and fly they perforce must do or die. they die but ere their eyes could close, avengers o'er their bodies rose fresh and furious, fast they fill the ranks unthinned, though slaughtered still and faint the weary christians wax before the still renewed attacks and now the othmans gain the gate still resists its iron weight, and still, all deadly aimed and hot, from every crevice comes the shot from every shattered window pour the volleys of the sulphurous shower but the portal wavering grows and weak the iron yields, the hinges creak it bendsit fallsand all is o'er lost corinth may resist no more! xxx. darkly, sternly, and all alone, minotti stood o'er the altar stone madonna's face upon him shone, painted in heavenly hues above, with eyes of light and looks of love and placed upon that holy shrine to fix our thoughts on things divine, when pictured there, we kneeling see her, and the boy-god on her knee, smiling sweetly on each prayer to heaven, as if to waft it there. still she smiled even now she smiles, though slaughter streams along her aisles minotti lifted his agd eye, and made the sign of a cross with a sigh, then seized a torch which blazed thereby and still he stood, while with steel and flame, inward and onward the mussulman came. xxxi. the vaults beneath the mosaic stone contained the dead of ages gone their names were on the graven floor, but now illegible with gore the carvd crests, and curious hues the varied marble's veins diffuse, were smeared, and slipperystained, and strown with broken swords, and helms o'erthrown there were dead above, and the dead below lay cold in many a coffined row you might see them piled in sable state, by a pale light through a gloomy grate but war had entered their dark caves, and stored along the vaulted graves her sulphurous treasures, thickly spread in masses by the fleshless dead here, throughout the siege, had been the christians' chiefest magazine to these a late formed train now led, minotti's last and stern resource against the foe's o'erwhelming force. xxxii. the foe came on, and few remain to strive, and those must strive in vain for lack of further lives, to slake the thirst of vengeance now awake, with barbarous blows they gash the dead, and lop the already lifeless head, and fell the statues from their niche, and spoil the shrines of offerings rich, and from each other's rude hands wrest the silver vessels saints had blessed. to the high altar on they go oh, but it made a glorious show! on its table still behold the cup of consecrated gold massy and deep, a glittering prize, brightly it sparkles to plunderers' eyes that morn it held the holy wine, converted by christ to his blood so divine, which his worshippers drank at the break of day, to shrive their souls ere they joined in the fray. still a few drops within it lay and round the sacred table glow twelve lofty lamps, in splendid row, from the purest metal cast a spoilthe richest, and the last. xxxiii. so near they came, the nearest stretched to grasp the spoil he almost reached when old minotti's hand touched with the torch the train 'tis fired! spire, vaults, the shrine, the spoil, the slain, the turbaned victors, the christian band, all that of living or dead remain, hurled on high with the shivered fane, in one wild roar expired! the shattered townthe walls thrown down the waves a moment backward bent the hills that shake, although unrent, as if an earthquake passed the thousand shapeless things all driven in cloud and flame athwart the heaven, by that tremendous blast proclaimed the desperate conflict o'er on that too long afflicted shore up to the sky like rockets go all that mingled there below many a tall and goodly man, scorched and shrivelled to a span, when he fell to earth again like a cinder strewed the plain down the ashes shower like rain some fell in the gulf, which received the sprinkles with a thousand circling wrinkles some fell on the shore, but, far away, scattered o'er the isthmus lay christian or moslem, which be they? let their mothers see and say! when in cradled rest they lay, and each nursing mother smiled on the sweet sleep of her child, little deemed she such a day would rend those tender limbs away. not the matrons that them bore could discern their offspring more that one moment left no trace more of human form or face save a scattered scalp or bone and down came blazing rafters, strown around, and many a falling stone, deeply dinted in the clay, all blackened there and reeking lay. all the living things that heard the deadly earth-shock disappeared the wild birds flew the wild dogs fled, and howling left the unburied dead the camels from their keepers broke the distant steer forsook the yoke the nearer steed plunged o'er the plain, and burst his girth, and tore his rein the bull-frog's note, from out the marsh, deep-mouthed arose, and doubly harsh the wolves yelled on the caverned hill where echo rolled in thunder still the jackal's troop, in gathered cry, bayed from afar complainingly, with a mixed and mournful sound, like crying babe, and beaten hound with sudden wing, and ruffled breast, the eagle left his rocky nest, and mounted nearer to the sun, the clouds beneath him seemed so dun their smoke assailed his startled beak, and made him higher soar and shriek thus was corinth lost and won! footnotes with gun, drum, trumpet, blunderbuss, and thunder. 447 napoli di romania is not now the most considerable place in the morea, but tripolitza, where the pacha resides, and maintains his government. napoli is near argos. i visited all three in 1810-11 and, in the course of journeying through the country from my first arrival in 1809, i crossed the isthmus eight times in my way from attica to the morea, over the mountains or in the other direction, when passing from the gulf of athens to that of lepanto. both the routes are picturesque and beautiful, though very different that by sea has more sameness but the voyage, being always within sight of land, and often very near it, presents many attractive views of the islands salamis, gina, poros, etc., and the coast of the continent. 449 the metrical rendering of the date  may be traced to the opening lines of an old ballad  upon the sixteen hunder year of god, and fifty-three, from christ was born, that bought us dear, as writings testifie, etc. see the life and age of man . 450 the last tidings recently heard of dervish  state him to be in revolt upon the mountains, at the head of some of the bands common in that country in times of trouble. 451 but those winged days. compare kingsley's last buccaneer if i might but be a sea-dove, i'd fly across the main to the pleasant isle of aves, to look at it once again. the kindly few who love my lay. many a year, and many an age. a marvel from her moslem bands. 452 or could the dead be raised again. through yon clear skies than tower-capt acropolis. stretched on the edge. the turbaned crowd of dusky hue whose march morea's fields may rue. 453 the life of the turcomans is wandering and patriarchal they dwell in tents. 454 but now an exile. 455 to waste its future. ali coumourgi , the favourite of three sultans, and grand vizier to achmet iii., after recovering peloponnesus from the venetians in one campaign, was mortally wounded in the next, against the germans, at the battle of peterwaradin , in hungary, endeavouring to rally his guards. he died of his wounds next day . his last order was the decapitation of general breuner, and some other german prisoners, and his last words, oh that i could thus serve all the christian dogs! a speech and act not unlike one of caligula. he was a young man of great ambition and unbounded presumption on being told that prince eugene, then opposed to him, was a great general, he said, i shall become a greater, and at his expense. 456 and death-like rolled. like comets in convulsion riven. impervious to the powerless sun, through sulphurous smoke whose blackness grew. 457 in midnight courtship to italian maid. 458 by buda's wall to danube's side. pisani held. than she, the beauteous stranger, bore. 459 by stepping o'er. bespangled with her isles. stars are likened to isles by campbell, in the pleasures of hope, part ii. the seraph eye shall count the starry train, like distant isles embosomed on the main. and isles to stars by byron, in the island, canto ii. stanza xi. lines 14, 15 the studded archipelago, o'er whose blue bosom rose the starry isles. for other star-similes, see childe harold, canto iii. stanza lxxxviii. line 9, poetical works, 1899, ii. 270, note 2. and take a dark unmeasured tone. and make a melancholy moan, to mortal voice and ear unknown. 461 compare scott's marmion, iii. xvi. 4 and that strange palmer's boding say, that fell so ominous and drear. by fancy framed, which rings a deep, internal knell, a visionary passing-bell. the thoughts tumultuously roll. 462 to triumph o'er. they but provide, he fells the prey. as lions o'er the jackal sway by springing dauntless on the prey they follow on, and yelling press to gorge the fragments of success. 463 he vainly turned from side to side, and each reposing posture tried. beyond a rougher. to sigh for day. 464 of liakurahis unmelting snow bright and eternal. compare the giaour, line 566  for where is he that hath beheld the peak of liakura unveiled? the reference is to the almost perpetual cap of mist on parnassus , which lies some thirty miles to the north-west of corinth. 465 her spirit spoke in deathless song. and in this night. he felt how little and how dim. who led the band. 466 their memory hallowed every fountain. here follows, in the ms. immortalboundlessundecayed their souls the very soil pervade. where freedom loveliest may be won. the reader need hardly be reminded that there are no perceptible tides in the mediterranean. so that fiercest of waves. 467 a little space of light grey sand. compare the island, canto iv. sect. ii. lines 11, 12 a narrow segment of the yellow sand on one side forms the outline of a strand. or would not waste on a single head the ball on numbers better sped. i know not in faith. 468 this spectacle i have seen, such as described, beneath the wall of the seraglio at constantinople, in the little cavities worn by the bosphorus in the rock, a narrow terrace of which projects between the wall and the water. i think the fact is also mentioned in hobhouse's travels . the bodies were probably those of some refractory janizaries. this tuft, or long lock, is left from a superstition that mahomet will draw them into paradise by it. 469 deep in the tide of their lost blood lying. than the rotting dead. strike out scorch'd with the death-thirst, and writhing in vain, than the perishing dead who are past all pain. what is a perishing dead?gifford. and when all. all that liveth on man will prey, all rejoicing in his decay, or, nature rejoicing in his decay. all that can kindle dismay and disgust follow his frame from the bier to the dust. 470 it hath left no more of the mightiest things that have gone before. after this follows in the ms. erased monuments that the coming age leaves to the spoil of the season's rage till ruin makes the relics scarce, then learning acts her solemn farce, and, roaming through the marble waste, prates of beauty, art, and taste. xix. that temple was more in the midst of the plain or, what of that shrine did yet remain lay to his left more in midst of the plain. 471 is it the wind that through the stone. or, o'er the heavy stone. i must here acknowledge a close, though unintentional, resemblance in these twelve lines to a passage in an unpublished poem of mr. coleridge, called christabel. it was not till after these lines were written that i heard that wild and singularly original and beautiful poem recited and the ms. of that production i never saw till very recently, by the kindness of mr. coleridge himself, who, i hope, is convinced that i have not been a wilful plagiarist. the original idea undoubtedly pertains to mr. coleridge, whose poem has been composed above fourteen years. let me conclude by a hope that he will not longer delay the publication of a production, of which i can only add my mite of approbation to the applause of far more competent judges. the lines in christabel, part the first, 43-52, 57, 58, are these the night is chill the forest bare is it the wind that moaneth bleak? there is not wind enough in the air to move away the ringlet curl from the lovely lady's cheek there is not wind enough to twirl the one red leaf, the last of its clan, that dances as often as dance it can, hanging so light, and hanging so high, on the topmost twig that looks up at the sky.  ... what sees she there? there she sees a damsel bright, drest in a silken robe of white. byron , in a letter to coleridge, dated october 27, 1815, had already expressly guarded himself against a charge of plagiarism, by explaining that lines 521-532 of stanza xix. were written before he heard walter scott repeat christabel in the preceding june. now, as byron himself perceived, perhaps for the first time, when he had the ms. of christabel before him, the coincidence in language and style between the two passages is unquestionable and, as he hoped and expected that coleridge's fragment, when completed, would issue from the press, he was anxious to avoid even the semblance of pilfering, and went so far as to suggest that the passage should be cancelled. neither in the private letter nor the published note does byron attempt to deny or explain away the coincidence, but pleads that his lines were written before he had heard coleridge's poem recited, and that he had not been guilty of a wilful plagiarism. there is no difficulty in accepting his statement. long before the summer of 1815 christabel had a pretty general circulation in the literary world , and he may have heard without heeding this and other passages quoted by privileged readers or, though never a line of christabel had sounded in his ears, he may  have caught its lilt at second hand from the published works of southey, or of scott himself. compare thalaba the destroyer, v. 20  what sound is borne on the wind? is it the storm that shakes the thousand oaks of the forest? is it the river's roar dashed down some rocky descent? etc. or compare the lay of the last minstrel, i. xii. 5. seq.  and now she sits in secret bower in old lord david's western tower, and listens to a heavy sound, that moans the mossy turrets round. is it the roar of teviot's tide, that chafes against the scaur's red side? is it the wind that swings the oaks? is it the echo from the rocks? etc. certain lines of coleridge's did, no doubt, find themselves in the siege of corinth, having found their way to the younger poet's ear and fancy before the lady of the vision was directly and formally introduced to his notice. 473there sate a lady young and bright. reminds us of the persiflage of lewis or the pathos of a vulgar ballad while the dublin examiner  directs a double charge against the founders of the schism and their proselyte if the cumberland lakers were not well known to be personages of the most pious and saintly temperament, we would really have serious apprehensions lest our noble poet should come to any harm in consequence of the envy which the two following lines and a great many others through the poems, might excite by their successful rivalship of some of the finest effects of babyism that these gentlemen can boast. he would have made it. she who would. 474 the ocean spread before their view. warton , commenting on spenser's famous description of una and the lion , quotes the following passage from seven champions of christendom now, sabra, i have by this sufficiently proved thy true virginitie for it is the nature of a lion, be he never so furious, not to harme the unspotted virgin, but humbly to lay his bristled head upon a maiden's lap. byron, according to leigh hunt , could not see anything in spenser, and was not familiar with the fairy queen but he may have had in mind scott's allusion to spenser's una harpers have sung and poets told that he, in fury uncontrolled, the shaggy monarch of the wood, before a virgin, fair and good, hath pacified his savage mood. marmion, canto ii. stanza vii. line 3, seq.  476 she laid her fingers on his hand, its coldness thrilled through every bone. as he looked on her face. on her bosom's swell. compare shakespeare, macbeth, act v. sc. 1, line 30 you see, her eyes are open, aye, but their sense is shut. compare, too, christabel, conclusion to part the first  with open eyes  asleep, and dreaming fearfully. 477 like a picture, that magic had charmed from its frame, lifeless but life-like, and ever the same. or, like a picture come forth from its canvas and frame. and seen. its fleecy mail. compare southey's roderick, canto xxi.   ... and till the grave open, the gate of mercy is not closed. 478 i have been told that the idea expressed in this and the five following lines has been admired by those whose approbation is valuable. i am glad of it but it is not originalat least not mine it may be found much better expressed in pages 182-3-4 of the english version of vathek , a work to which i have before referred and never recur to, or read, without a renewal of gratification.the following is the passage 'deluded prince!' said the genius, addressing the caliph ... 'this moment is the last, of grace, allowed thee ... give back nouronihar to her father, who still retains a few sparks of life destroy thy tower, with all its abominations drive carathis from thy councils be just to thy subjects respect the ministers of the prophet compensate for thy impieties by an exemplary life and, instead of squandering thy days in voluptuous indulgence, lament thy crimes on the sepulchres of thy ancestors. thou beholdest the clouds that obscure the sun at the instant he recovers his splendour, if thy heart be not changed, the time of mercy assigned thee will be past for ever.' vathek, depressed with fear, was on the point of prostrating himself at the feet of the shepherd ... but, his pride prevailing ... he said, 'whoever thou art, withhold thy useless admonitions.... if what i have done be so criminal ... there remains not for me a moment of grace. i have traversed a sea of blood to acquire a power which will make thy equals tremble deem not that i shall retire when in view of the port or that i will relinquish her who is dearer to me than either my life or thy mercy. let the sun appear! let him illumine my career! it matters not where it may end!' on uttering these words ... vathek ... commanded that his horses should be forced back to the road. there was no difficulty in obeying these orders for the attraction had ceased the sun shone forth in all his glory, and the shepherd vanished with a lamentable scream . 479 by rooted and unhallowed pride. 480 the horsetails, fixed upon a lance, a pacha's standard. when the vizir appears in public, three thoughs, or horse-tails, fastened to a long staff, with a large gold ball at top, is borne before him.moeurs des ottomans, par a. l. castellan , iv. 7. compare childe harold, canto ii., albanian war-song, stanza 10, line 2 and bride of abydos, line 714 . omit while your fellows on foot, in a fiery mass, bloodstain the breach through which they pass. gifford. 482 thus against the wall they bent, thus the first were backward sent. gifford. with such volley yields like glass. like the mowers ridge. 483 compare the deformed transformed, part i. sc. 2  our shout shall grow gladder, and death only be mute. i have heard. compare macbeth, act ii. sc. 2, line 55 if he do bleed, i'll gild the faces of the grooms withal. 484 485 in the naval battle at the mouth of the dardanelles, between the venetians and turks. compare childe harold, canto ii. stanza xxix. lines 5-8  dark sappho! could not verse immortal save?... if life eternal may await the lyre. 486 though the life of thy giving would last for ever. where's francesca?my promised bride! 488 here follows in ms. g. twice and once he roll'd a space, then lead-like lay upon his face. sigh, nor sign, nor parting word. the spanish renegado and the anglicized renegade were favourite terms of reprobation with politicians and others at the beginning of the century. when southey's wat tyler was reprinted in 1817, william smith, the member for norwich, denounced the laureate as a renegado, an attack which coleridge did his best to parry by contributing articles to the courier on apostasy and renegadoism . byron himself, in don juan , hails southey as my epic renegade! compare, too, stanza xiv. of lines addressed to a noble lord , by one of the small fry of the lakes  and our ponds shall better please thee, than those now dishonoured seas, with their shores and cyclades stocked with pachas, seraskiers, slaves and turbaned buccaneers sensual mussulmans atrocious, renegadoes more ferocious, etc. 489 these in rage, in triumph those. then again in fury mixing. 490 compare don juan, canto xiii. stanza lxi. lines 1, seq. but in a higher niche, alone, but crowned, the virgin-mother of the god-born child, with her son in her blessed arms, looked round ... but even the faintest relics of a shrine of any worship wake some thoughts divine. beneath the  chequered inlaid  stone. but now half-blotted. but war must make the most of means. 492 the sacrament wine. which the christians partook at the break of the day. 493 compare sardanapalus, act v. sc. 1  myr. art thou ready? sard. as the torch in thy grasp.  myr. 'tis fired! i come. the hills as by an earthquake bent. 494 who can see or who shall say? compare don juan, canto ii. stanza cii. line 1, seq. famine, despair, cold, thirst, and heat, had done their work on them by turns, and thinned them to such things a mother had not known her son amidst the skeletons of that gaunt crew. compare, too, the island, canto i. section ix. lines 13, 14. 495 and crashed each mass of stone. and left their food the unburied dead. and left their food the untasted dead. and howling left. where echo rolled in horror still. the frightened jackal's shrill sharp cry. i believe i have taken a poetical licence to transplant the jackal from asia. in greece i never saw nor heard these animals but among the ruins of ephesus i have heard them by hundreds. they haunt ruins, and follow armies. mixed and mournful as the sound. with lines 1058-1079, compare southey's roderick  far and wide the thundering shout, rolling among reduplicating rocks, pealed o'er the hills, and up the mountain vales. the wild ass starting in the forest glade ran to the covert the affrighted wolf skulked through the thicket to a closer brake the sluggish bear, awakened in his den, roused up and answered with a sullen growl, low-breathed and long and at the uproar scared, the brooding eagle from her nest took wing. a sentence in a letter to moore, dated january 10, 1815 , i have tried the rascals  with my harrys and larrys, pilgrims and pirates. nobody but s....y has done any thing worth a slice of bookseller's pudding, and he has not luck enough to be found out in doing a good thing, implies that byron had read and admired southey's roderickan inference which is curiously confirmed by a memorandum in murray's handwriting when southey's poem, don roderick , was published, lord byron sent in the middle of the night to ask john murray if he had heard any opinion of it, for he thought it one of the finest poems he had ever read. the resemblance between the two passages, which is pointed out by professor klbing, is too close to be wholly unconscious, but byron's expansion of southey's lines hardly amounts to a plagiarism.