here comes the pitch, and it comes in wide and the count now is one-and-one to jackie robinson billy martin... yeah, we represent church ave., nostrand ave. in the house, flatbush ave my brothers in bed-stuy, throop ave., word up fort green, crooklyn, yeah straight from crooklyn, better known as brooklyn never takin' shorts 'cause brooklyn's the borough panic as another manic depressant adolescent stares at death, now, what's left when there ain't no guide and a whole lot of pride? it might be a homicide, so let the drama slide we don't want no problems, b get your name in the obituary column sheet 'cause life is too short and it just gets shorter i wish i had a quarter for all my people they slaughter last year alone in the dead zone walk straight, but don't walk late 'cause i'm comin' with a hate only made from what it made me 'cause nobody ever played me now it's only gettin' worse buckshot and ace in the land of the waste, kickin' you in your face! we be doin' it up crooklyn style! what does it take to get you wild?! my mentality is gettin' iller! killer instinct is tryna infiltrate, but wait! i know you wanna enter, but i can't let ya in my mind-state's the maddest, i'm gone with the wind because it is survival of the fittest when the shit hits the fan, i got my shank in my hand black man with the permanent tan i come from the 'ville and never ran, damn! i'm feelin' another part of reality hit me when i represent the f.a.p straight from the 'ville, tilden played the building i mean literally when i say, i make a killin' for my cipher, see, i'm finnin' to bust a piper original heads represent the brooklyn all-nighter do or die  i'm sayin', it's you and i bring your clique, so we can get stone like family sly peace to c.i. and the bush mighty mateen, ruck and the rock givin' a push straight from crooklyn, better known as brooklyn never takin' shorts 'cause brooklyn's the borough straight from crooklyn, better known as brooklyn never takin' shorts 'cause brooklyn's the borough we did it like that and now we do it like this we did it like that and now we do it like this go inside your mind and find a time that you miss and just think about the steel in your fist it's just an extension of your arm, it's that ghetto type of charm that makes all the homeboys swarm can i drop the bomb? oh, yes, i can move with the groove, smooth like geechie dan who is the man? that kid there! who is the chick with the pick in her hair? angela, uhh.. davis, and we roll like avis rent-a-car kid, there you are you know where to find me, whenever you need me if you know the ave., follow the path to the land of the aftermath, but don't frolic in the midst crazy-ass crooklyn kids! 'cause they always throwin' a body on my lawn i'm gettin' a rottweiler without a collar get off my block, boy, and give me a dollar for the trouble, or get blown up like a bubble now, let's take a sec' to think back to the year of the '7-0, when brooklyn was the place to go flow on a journey up to crown heights ebbets field, feel the real-to-real on your life trife individuals live in the pj's dee evil, check my dj hey, play, what i wanna play in the day but in the night, i feel the right, took the left bucktown, brooklyn, break it down heads from state to state, travel as i unravel the rate howard, tapscott and sutter i remember way back in the days playin' hot peas  butter brother, if you want another lesson, crooklyn session take it back, black smif-n-wessun press your luck, you'll get stuck by buck for your bucks masta ace has the taste for ducks and duck sauce, so tell lord digga dig a grave for the bones, sticks and stones while i kick some ancient poems through your domes act went back to attack your homes so, tip, can i flip?  i'm in a world war with muhammad, my man feels so good to be a crooklyn dodger! uh-huh! what's happenin' to rerun and roger? i think i seen 'em wearin' timberlands and runnin' down the block from dwayne, and dwayne had a glock 'cause he be sellin' rock for the partridge family and reuben kincaid drives a 300-e and he be pimpin' chrissy from three's company plus he stuck mr. t for all his jewelry this is a '70s thing from the days when kids didn't act so crazed in crooklyn straight from crooklyn, better known as brooklyn never takin' shorts 'cause brooklyn's the borough straight from crooklyn, better known as brooklyn never takin' shorts 'cause brooklyn's the borough straight from crooklyn, better known as brooklyn never takin' shorts 'cause brooklyn's the borough straight from crooklyn, better known as brooklyn never takin' shorts 'cause brooklyn's the borough against the wall here comes gilliam scoring! brooklyn wins! brooklyn wins! brooklyn wins! brooklyn wins!