jeannie ortega, papoose lemme show you how its supposed to be done, uh don't get me started, it's getting kinda crowded in here back up off me, i'm feeling like i'm suffocated now here's my problem, i'm not gonna be your chick on the side forget about it, you know damn well it wouldn't be right i dont know what you been thinking 'bout me did you think this was gonna be that easy? hell no, you must be going crazy why don't you get outta my life? get outta my sight get off of my back why don't you get back to your world? go back to your girl i think you owe her i know what's goin' on i won't be second to none  back up, 'cause you're crowding my space you need to get out of my face lets be honest im not the type of chick you can use and if you want it, if you want it youll have to choose oh, ive been through this, been cheated on, i know how it feels how would i know that? you couldn't do the same to me i dont know what you been thinking 'bout me did you think this was gonna be that easy? hell no, you must be going crazy why don't you get outta my life? get outta my sight get off of my back why don't you get back to your world? go back to your girl i think you owe her  i know what's goin' on i won't be second to none  back up, 'cause you're crowding my space you need to get out of my face bk, bk uh they say you can't have your cake and eat it too tell me, what's the meaning? what's the sense of me having cake if i can't eat it? cheaters never win, my friend, you're like creeping but hate when your girl starts cheating imagine if you came home to your wife, opened your door and locked it then you found r. kelly hiding in your closet i knew you would start cheating before you even stopped it i'm like when you double your money i'm a profit albert einstein was smart, but i'm some wiser i'm a ladies man, your man is a womanizer you gotta fight for love, can you make a fist? since your name is jeannie, can i make a wish? no minor setbacks, every move major grown folk behavior, just do me one favor he put you on the side, let me be your savior crowded, papoose, jeannie ortega why don't you get outta my life? get outta my sight get off of my back why don't you get back to your world? go back to your girl i think you owe her  i know what's goin' on i won't be second to none  back up, 'cause you're crowding my space you need to get out of my face