cha cha cha hey watch out rude bwoy you see how tight bo come man? she just come down dangerous! is that what time it is boss? yo what the fuck is wrong with you? this is deep, but i'm going deeper.. i don't really wanna feel like i'm in a daze so i smoke big kill just to deal with the ills like this fucked up trip  my skills ain't paying bills and it's fucking with me and my grip  i drink that st. ide's shit and smoke a ticket at the same time drop a wicked bomb on my naughty nature i'm livin' foul like a knickerbocker  bitch i'm not the woman to sleep but i'm lost  cause i be on some ole' i'm tired of niggas trying to come up off bitches type thing  and if i don't react the way he want he might swing his little trick bitch ass in another direction then don't even use protection i hate stupid shit assholes can avoid yo! and if worse came to worse i'll run a fraud on unemployed cause who the fuck cares that i got gray hairs and can't sleep know what i mean?  deeper and deeper .... what can i do? deeper and deeper .... what can i do? this is deep, but i'm going deeper.. every now and then i start trippin' and get to thinkin' bout deep shit beyond all that bullshit i shoot at people  but fuck it i'm evil and i'm hip to every bitch trying to get a grip and every nigga trying to get a grip but fuck that shit and i say fuck that shit with my mighty middle finger i'm heavy off into this rap shit, bucking singers yo i think i'm getting tense  cause my dollars ain't making no fucking sense but then again it's probably all that chronic that i smoked i use to be like that when i was out there slanging dope and lately i been flipping on some old paranoid shit like looking fuckers up and down trying to start shit  cause i'm a hard bitch  i try to be cool but i get caught up when i go to clubs, straight up i don't even trust myself  fuck i know?  right, that's deep deeper and deeper .... deeper and deeper ....  eh hey hey, i guess it's best we tell them mon every time she come, she's detrimental mon yes mon, know dis hehehe, don't make me tell dem again mon, woyyy she too hotta, tell-a-man she too hotta tell man she too hotta an' every posse know dat-ta yes, she too hotta, tell man she too hotta for inside she come, she say de posse get flat come aye yo, i got them buck-wild thrills, living foul kills i'm trying to get to watts but i'm stuck in baldwin hills  trying to find myself for real though, check it if i just rewind myself i'll see it ain't that hectic y'all don't hear me talking but its time to get a stack cause i'm about a second away, from going back to the corner slangin dope  gankin cluckers, jackin high, cappin marks i may be losin' my mind but better that than my heart  i talk a lot of shit but i can back it all the fuck up i'm real cool people until some bullshit get brung up look here, believe me i ain't comin out my crib tryin to snap on life and run out and do some dumb shit so i'll be takin another sip to relax me and get them problems out my mind that distract me life is workin on my last nerve  i'll see yo' ass next week, peace  deeper and deeper .... what can i do? deeper and deeper .... what can i do? deeper and deeper .... what can i do? deeper and deeper .... what can i do?