did you ever think that you would be this rich? did you ever think that you would have these hits? did you ever think that you would be the don? have a crib with a fifty acre lawn? did you ever think that you would be this paid? were there times when your ass was real afraid? did you ever think that you would sell out tours? have a show with fifty million viewers? i used to think about how i was gonna make it struggling day to day just trying to get this paper hoping the day would come when things would go my way but now i'm living lavish and all i do is hear them say did you ever think that you would be this rich? did you ever think that you would have these hits? did you ever think that you would be the don? have a crib with a fifty acre lawn? did you ever think that you would be this paid? were there times when your ass was real afraid? did you ever think that you would sell out tours? have a show with fifty million viewers? now i've been around the world and seen so many things partied in every club, nothing but vip i never take for granted these luxuries i have just try my best to answer all of these questions that i ask did you ever think that you would be this rich? did you ever think that you would have these hits? did you ever think that you would be the don? have a crib with a fifty acre lawn? did you ever think that you would be this paid? were there times when your ass was real afraid? did you ever think that you would sell out tours? have a show with fifty million viewers? i used to play the game, at night the same old same dreamin' about city lights it was my only lie and now it's world wide shows as if i can fly on over now i can't go nowhere without the whole world due to know did you ever think that you would be this rich? did you ever think that you would have these hits? did you ever think that you would be the don? have a crib with a fifty acre lawn? did you ever think that you would be this paid? were there times when your ass was real afraid? did you ever think that you would sell out tours? have a show with fifty million viewers? i used to dream about this life now i'm sitting on first class flights now they all wanna know did you ever think that you would be this rich? did you ever think that you would have these hits? did you ever think that you would be the don? have a crib with a fifty acre lawn? did you ever think that you would be this paid? were there times when your ass was real afraid? did you ever think that you would sell out tours? have a show with fifty million viewers?