turn it up loud hahaha, ahahaha, hey, man you a little sucker for love, pac! word up, hahahahaha  i should've seen you was trouble right from the start, taught me so many lessons how not to mess with broken hearts, so many questions when this began, we was the perfect match, perhaps we had some problems, but we workin' at it, and now the arguments are gettin' loud, i wanna stay but i can't help from walkin' out, just throw it away just take my hand and understand if you could see i never planned to be your man, it just wasn't me but now i'm searchin' for commitment, in other arms i wanna shelter you from harm, don't be alarmed your attitude was the cause, you got me stressin' soon as i opened up the door with your jealous questions like, where can i be? you're killin' me with your jealousy now my ambition's to be free i can't breathe, 'cause soon as i leave, it's like a trap i hear you callin' me to come back, i'm a sucker for love chorus eric williams  2pac  what you won't do, do for love?  you tried everything, but you don't give up  what you won't do, do for love? you tried everything, but you don't give up just when i thought i broke away and i'm feelin' happy you tried to trap me, said you're pregnant and guess who the daddy? don't wanna fall for it, but in this case what could i do? so now i'm back, to makin' promises to you, tryna keep it true what if i'm wrong? a trick to keep me holdin' on tryna be strong and in the process, keep it goin' i'm 'bout to lose my composure, i'm gettin' close to packin' up and leavin' notes, and gettin' ghost tell me who knows a peaceful place where i can go to clear my head, i'm feelin' low, losin' control my heart is sayin', leave! oh, what a tangled web we weave when we conspire to conceive, and now you gettin' calls at the house, guess you cheatin' that's all i need to hear, 'cause i'm leavin', i'm out the door never no more you will see me, this is the end 'cause now i know you've been cheatin', i'm a sucker for love chorus eric williams  2pac  what you won't do, do for love?  you tried everything, but you don't give up  what you won't do, do for love?  you tried everything, but you don't give up  now he left you with scars, tears on your pillow and you still stay as you sit and pray, hopin' the beatings'll go away it wasn't always a hit-and-run relationship it used to be love, happiness and companionship remember when i treated you good i moved you up to the hills, out the ills of the ghetto hood me and you, a happy home, when it was on i had a love to call my own i should've seen you was trouble but i was lost, trapped in your eyes preoccupied with gettin' tossed, no need to lie you had a man and i knew it, you told me don't worry 'bout it, we can do it now, i'm under pressure make a decision 'cause i'm waitin', when i'm alone i'm on the phone havin' secret conversations, huh i wanna take your misery replace it with happiness but i need your faith in me, i'm a sucker for love chorus eric williams  2pac  what you won't do, do for love?  you tried everything, but you don't give up  what you won't do, do for love? you tried everything, but you don't give up  what you won't do, do for love?  you tried everything, but you don't give up  what you won't do, do for love?  you tried everything, but you don't give up  what you won't do?  you tried everything, but you don't give up what you won't do?  you tried everything, but you don't give up do for love, yeah, baby, yeah do for love