i'm leaving messages and voicemails, telling you i miss you baby, am i doing too much?  why you tryna diss me when i just wanna kiss you? baby, am i doing too much?  tell me, what's the issue who i give these lips to? baby, am i doing too much?  this is turnin' into something i ain't hip to baby, am i doing too much?  see, you got me all alone, waiting right here by the phone for you to call me just to hear your voice tone i keep on wonderin' if you was even feelin' me i keep on wonderin' if this was even meant to be tell me, am i wasting time, boy? you showing me no signs is it 'cause you on your grind? 'cause you always on my mind i keep on wonderin' if everything you said was true i keep on wonderin' if you were really comin' through now here i go again, blowin' you up  and my girlfriends keep telling me i'm doing too much , oh now here i go again blowin' you up  and my girlfriends keep telling me i'm doing too much i'm leaving messages and voicemails, telling you i miss you  baby, am i doing too much?  why you tryna diss me when i just wanna kiss you?  baby, am i doing too much?  tell me, what's the issue who i give these lips to?  baby, am i doing too much? this is turnin' into something i ain't hip to  baby, am i doing too much?  i'm out with my girls, tryna have a good time  and you know i'm looking fly, tryna meet some other guys but it gets hard sometime 'cause there ain't no one just like you  i try my best, but i can't shake this feel you got me through  all i can picture is the color of your eyes  and the way you make me smile, i ain't felt this in a while but i came to a conclusion that this is pure illusion chaos and confusion, but i'm not gon' let it ruin the way i feel about myself 'cause i got self-esteem  sometimes i wonder if i'm just chasin' a fantasy  the way i feel about myself 'cause i got self-esteem  sometimes i wonder if i'm just chasin' a fantasy  i'm leaving messages and voicemails, telling you i miss you baby, am i doing too much?  why you tryna diss me when i just wanna kiss you  baby, am i doing too much?  tell me, what's the issue who i give these lips to?  baby, am i doing too much?  this is turnin' into something i ain't hip to  baby, am i doing too much?  just leave your name and number, and i'ma holla at ya  just leave your name and number, and i'ma holla at ya  just leave your name and number, and i'ma holla at ya  just leave your name and number, and i'ma holla at ya ronnie ray, all day, women in the hallway  every day losin' track of the people tryna call me  don't take this the wrong way, i've been havin' long days doin' it, movin' 'round the town wherever i'm gettin' my song played, played now here i go again, blowin' you up  and my girlfriends keep telling me i'm doing too much, oh  now here i go again, blowin' you up and my girlfriends keep telling me i'm doing too much i'm leaving messages and voicemails, telling you i miss you  baby, am i doing too much?  why you tryna diss me when i just wanna kiss you?  baby, am i doing too much?  tell me what's the issue who i give these lips to?  baby, am i doing too much?  this is turnin' into something i ain't hip to  baby, am i doing too much?  oh, oh-oh, ooh doing too much