ayo, what the fuck you think a record by pussycat dolls featuring busta rhymes is gon' sound like? okay  yeah  oh, we about to get it just a little hot and sweaty in this motherfucker  ladies, let's go  soldiers, let's go  let me talk to y'all and just, you know, give you a little situation listen  you see this shit get hot every time i come through when i step up in the spot  make the place sizzle like a summertime cookout prowl for the best chick, yes, i'm on the lookout  slow bangin' shorty like a belly dancer wit' it smell good, pretty skin, so gangsta wit' it  no tricks, only diamonds under my sleeve gimme the number, but make sure you call before you leave i know you like me  i know you do  that's why whenever i come around she's all over you and i know you want it  it's easy to see  and in the back of your mind, i know you should be fuckin' with me  don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me? don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me? don't cha? don't cha? don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me? don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me? don't cha?  don't cha? fight the feelin'  leave it alone  'cause if it ain't love  it just ain't enough to leave a happy home  let's keep it friendly  you have to play fair  see, i don't care, but i know she ain't gon' wanna share , ooh, oh don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?  don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?  don't cha?  don't cha?  don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?  don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?  don't cha?  don't cha?  let's go well, let me get straight to it every broad wanna watch a nigga when i come through it it's the god almighty, lookin' all brand new-ish shorty wanna jump in my aston vanquish lookin' at me all like she really wanna do it tryna put it on me 'til my balls black and blueish  you wanna play with a player, girl, then play on strip out the chanel and leave the lingerie on  watch me and i'ma watch you at the same time lookin' at you wanna break my back  you're the very reason why i keep a pack of the magnum and with the wagon, hit you in the back of the magnum  for the record, i don't think it was somethin' you did shorty all on me 'cause it's hard to resist the kid i got a idea that's dope for y'all as y'all could get cold so i could hit the both of y'all see, i know she loves you  i understand  i'd probably be just as crazy about you if you were my own man maybe next lifetime  possibly  until then, old friend, your secret is safe with me  don't cha wish your girlfriend was hot like me?  don't cha wish your girlfriend was a freak like me?  don't cha?  don't cha?  don't cha wish your girlfriend was raw like me?  don't cha wish your girlfriend was fun like me?  don't cha?  don't cha?