after the hoping and the praying and the wishing girl, you're all up in my face i've never been the one to bite my tongue.  i have not one word to say.  i'm mesmerized by your sexy eyes and your soft and lovely skin.  i want this fiasco to end, so baby, we can start all over again listen, i wanna be able i wanna be able to love you. oh, i i wanna be able and let me be the one to please you. oh, i as sure as the sun shines all over the earth you're one of god's most precious works see, i'm a man and we make mistakes so please don't take your love away. oh, ah don't take your love away.  baby, don't take your love away, baby i need you girl don't take your love away.  don't take your love away  don't take you love away from me, my baby  don't take your love away, baby mama said don't put your hands in the cookie jar. she said, son, have control. she said everything that's sweet ain't good for you, no  and everything that glitters ain't gold.  and now that you're gone i realized  i lost my soul.  and i don't wanna pass the torch baby, can you give me one more  chance i wanna be able,  able to do everything i didin't do before for you, baby  listen, i wanna love you, oh, oh, oh, over and over again gotta hold myself together and stay strong baby, you've been gone too long see, i'm a man and we make mistakes so baby, baby, baby, don't take your love away  i'll get down on my hands and knees  begging, begging you please,   don't, don't leave me now  i need you right here with me  please, please, please, please, please, yeah  don't take your love away see, girl, i know that i hurt you so  with all of those girls that were in my world.  now stacy and kim, damn all of them girl, i wanna give you everything that i can  oh, oh i know you're tired of my games,  tired of my lies.  baby, this time i promise it'll be alright  no longer will you ever be led astray baby, listen to the words i say  yeah, yeah  yes. don't take your love, no.   i've been searching here and there, everywhere  and can't find no one like you, girl  don't take your love away  listen to me, lady, lady, lady.   hmmm, hmmm, hmmm, hmmm, hmmm, hmmm