no, no, no, no don't phunk with my heart yeah no, no, no, no don't phunk with my heart i wonder if i take you home would you still be in love, baby?  in love, baby?  i wonder if i take you home would you still be in love, baby?  in love, baby?  girl, you know you got me, got me  with your pistol shot me, shot me and i'm here helplessly in love, and nothing can stop me you can't stop me once i start it can't return me once you bought it i'm coming, baby, don't doubt it  so let's be about it no, no, no, no don't phunk with my heart baby, have some trustin', trustin' when i come with lustin', lustin' 'cause i'll bring you that comfort i aint only here 'cause i want your body, i want your mind too interestin', what i find you and i'm interested in the long haul come on, girl, yee-haw! come on i wonder if i take you home would you still be in love, baby?  in love, baby?  i wonder if i take you home would you still be in love, baby?  in love, baby?  no, no, no, no don't phunk with my heart girl, you had me once you kissed me my love for you is not iffy i always want you wit me i'll play bobby, and you play whitney  if you smoke, i smoke too that's how much i'm in love wit chu crazy is what crazy do crazy in love, i'm a crazy fool no, no, no, no don't phunk with my heart why you so in-sa-cure when you got passionate love, hurr? you always claimin' i'm a cheatah think i'll up and go leave ya for another seorita you forgot that i need ya you must have caught amnesia that's why you don't believe-a wha'- yeah - check it out don't ya worry about a thing, baby 'cause ya know ya got me by a string, baby don't ya worry about a thing, baby 'cause ya know ya got me by a string, baby baby girl, ya make me feel you know you make me feel so real i love you more than sex appeal 'cause ya... that-that-that-that-that-that-that-girl that-that-that-that-that-that-that-girl that-that-that-that-that-that-that-girl that-that-that-that-that-that-that-girl that-that-that-that-that-that-that-girl that-that-that-that-that-that-that-girl no, no, no, no  don't phunk with my heart  no, no, no, no  don't phunk with my heart  i wonder if i take you home would you still be in love, baby?  in love, baby?  i wonder if i take you home would you still be in love, baby?  in love, baby?  i wonder if i take you home  would you still be in love, baby?   in love, baby?  i wonder if i take you home  would you still be in love, baby?   in love, baby?  don't ya worry about a thing, baby 'cause ya know ya got me by a string, baby don't ya worry about a thing, baby 'cause ya know ya got me by a string, baby