new... ja rule, vita, charlie baltimore, ashanti... fat joe, all murder inc... irv gotti, chris, tnt... whaaaat...... i wanna be your chick i wanna be down for you  yeah  yeah  ya down ass chick i wanna be your chick  i ride for u, down for u do anything ya want me to i be ya down ass chick this chick no intentions of bein' offensive the women by callin ya'll bitches my down ass bitches still my queen bitch's cut look clean on ya finger next to the finger ya flipped at me and this no in between me and you only me and you who else gon' put it on me like the rule god only looks after children and foo's and you not so who gon' look after you it's rule baby true baby it's only for you baby vita thighs only divide if you beside 'cause i love the way you touch me nobody can get it and if it's comin' and gunnin' just come in it and spit it so when ya gone for a minute i just fantasize like if it's you it's all in it then i'm satisfied til' you come back to me holdin stack and jewels v-i-t-a and my nigga j-a rule baby i'm gonna be here when ya need rule baby can always count on me no you don't ever have to worry you know i'll make it in a hurry i'm here for ya and i won't never leave tears for ya 'cause boy ya got to me nobody ever come before me you'll always be my one and only babygirl would ya bust ya gun with me?  lie to the feds to come get me?  and if i died kill for me?  are you trustin me?  are you lovin me?  yeah let's get it grinnin like we asked for the simpsons or ike and anna mehoe on one their good days you smile like sun rays 5'5 with brown eyes and thick legs only for the rule baby now baby i told you i can show you better than i can tell you don't try to bring conversey and mail just sweet words and naked photos i'm still that pretty down down ass 2 cars behind ya 6 and i diss any clown ass rockin my brown ass only a down ass and it's all for you i'm grown a tad bit since we been at like rare bitches to move a little bumper and it's  shit who gon' love you like that? thug with you wit a stack to the ceilin and spilt in the dub with you 'cause i played my position with ko-d's, o g's until that blood shed blood red and we o-ded remember every word that ya told me  all you need in your life is chuck, drugs, and dubs on 22's now tell me who the hunny for you chuck