now, that she's back in the atmosphere with drops of jupiter in her hair she acts like summer and walks like rain reminds me that there's time to change, hey-hey since the return of her stay on the moon she listens like spring and she talks like june, hey-hey hey-hey, yeah but tell me, did you sail across the sun? did you make it to the milky way to see the lights all faded and that heaven is overrated? tell me, did you fall for a shooting star? one without a permanent scar? and did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there? now, that she's back from that soul vacation tracin' her way through the constellation, hey-hey  she checks out mozart while she does tae-bo reminds me that there's room to grow, hey-hey, yeah now, that she's back in the atmosphere i'm afraid that she might think of me as plain ol' jane told a story about a man who was too afraid to fly, so he never did land but tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet? did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day and head back to the milky way? and tell me, did venus blow your mind? was it everything you wanted to find? and did you miss me while you were looking for yourself out there? can you imagine no love, pride, deep-fried chicken your best friend always sticking up for you even when i know you're wrong? can you imagine no first dance, freeze-dried romance five-hour phone conversation the best soy latte that you ever had, and me? but tell me, did the wind sweep you off your feet?  did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day  and head back toward the milky way? and tell me, did you sail across the sun? did you make it to the milky way to see the lights all faded and that heaven is overrated? and tell me, did you fall for a shooting star? one without a permanent scar? and did you miss me while you were looking for yourself? na-na, na-na, na-na na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na and did you finally get the chance to dance along the light of day? na-na, na-na, na-na na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na and did you fall for a shooting star? fall for a shooting star? na-na, na-na, na-na na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na, na-na and are you lonely looking for yourself out there?