i got something to say, got something to say alright  come on can you fill me in? what you want? what you want me to do, baby? can you fill me in? let's talk about it i was checkin' this girl next door when her parents went out she phoned, said, hey boy, come on right around so i knock at the door you were standin' with a bottle of red wine, ready to pour dressed in long black satin and lace to the floor so i went in, then we sat down, start kissing, caressing told me about jacuzzi, sounded interesting so we jumped right in all calls diverted to answer phone please leave a message after the tone i mean, me and her parents were kind of cool but they were the fine line between me and you we were just doing things young people in love do parents tryna find out what we were up to saying, why were you creeping 'round late last night? why did i see two shadows moving in your bedroom light? now you're dressed in black when i left, you were dressed in white can you fill me in? calls diverted to answer phone red wine bottle, half the contents gone midnight return, jacuzzi turned on can you fill me in?  whenever the coast was clear and she'd ask me to come out i'd say, hey girl, come on right around so she knocked at the door i was standing with the keys in my hand to the four by four jumped in my ride, checkin' that nobody saw the club we went in we got down, bounced-bounced to the rhythm saw it was early morning thought we'd better be leavin' so i gave you my jacket for you to hold told you to wear it 'cause you felt cold i mean, me and her didn't mean to break the rules i weren't tryna play your mum and dad for fools we were just doing things young people in love do parents tryna find out what we were up to saying, why can't you keep your promises no more? saying you'll be home by twelve, come strolling in at four? out with the girls, but leaving with the boy next door can you fill me in?  wearing a jacket, whose property? said you'd been queuing for a taxi but you left all your money on the tv  can you fill me in?  all they seem to do is be checking up on you, baby  watchin' our every move think someday they might approve, baby why were you creeping 'round late last night? why did i see two shadows moving in your bedroom light? now you're dressed in black when i left, you were dressed in white can you fill me in?  calls diverted to answer phone red wine bottle, half the contents gone  midnight return, jacuzzi turned on can you fill me in?