lets take some calls from the request line. caller number one..  ay,..man...whats up this dominique from shay lil' trailer park  whats up dominique  i wanna hear that song from lil jon and petey pablo  aight, i got that coming right up for you now shoutout the radio station that gave you what you wanted  double-u boom boom beats baby!   would you do it from the front?  would you take it from the back?  fyna break it down like that!   would you do it from the front?  can you take it from the back?  fyna break it down like that!   24, 34, 46, good and thick, and once you get it she'll work wit it put a face and some cute lips, earing in her tongue and she'll know what to do wit it make a name for herself, and she do her shit well, and know how to keep her business to herself come over anytime a nigga call chick, 1 o'clock, 2 o'clock,  and she right there and she know why she came here, and she know where her clothes suppose to be  sniff a little coke, take a little x, smoke a little weed, drink a little bit i need a girl that i can freak wit and wanna try shit, and ain't scared of a big dick and love to get her pussy licked by another bitch, cus i ain't drunk enough to do that  freakaleek!  shameka keisha  tara freakaleek! shonda  sabrina crystal daronda freakaleek! theresa  falicia tenisha  sharon freakaleek! ke'arah  monique christina  yolanda  i need to know a whole lot then to teachin' a broad, with my ding dong make her tongue tickin the bong go on ahead so i dont have to do that far, i'm spoiled  i like to lay back, relax, and enjoy my time, and with my eyess roll back and my toes curl  until it comes time for me to have to give her hers tell me what you want, do you want it missionary with your feet cramed into the head board? do you want it from the back with your face in the pillow so you can yell as loud as you want to? do you want it on the floor? do you want it on the chair? do you want it over here? do you want it over there? do you want it in ya pussy? do you want it in ya ass? i can give you anything you can handle!    yeah, i appreciate it lil' home boy  not a problem. you know i do it because i love you now i got to give a shoutout to seagrims gin cus i drink it, and they paying me for it  song evaluation