fury, ahh now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over ah shit y'all done fucked up and let me in this bitch i'm just your average hood nigga with dreams of gettin' rich  my crib big like a football field  you might fuck around and think i signed a football deal  i take 15 minutes to drop a track  i take half a minute to load my gat  i make 'em bounce all across the globe i'm a pimp, i got your hoe takin' off her clothes  a franchise like a houston rocket  every eight months is when i usually drop it  i got the streets on lock, i like my beats with knock you know my heat stay cocked, nigga now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over look, i'm a christal nigga and you a red-winer you just an opening act, but i'm the headliner  i'm 'bout to ship 3 mill' off top you got your deal off your man, i got my deal off props  i'm connected like dub and mach-10 with ice cubes in my watch and dubs on the black benz  i'm getting' paid 'cause i do all the work it's rainy days if we don't move all our work, we go bizirk  i'm on the block fam, in the cream drop lam mostly y'all cats with deals, y'all ain't hot man  i'm 'bout to do it again, you 'bout to lose it again it's show and tell motherfucker, i'm a prove it now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over now who dey want? flip, flip, flip flip, flip, flip, flip, flip, game over the game over, 'cause shit about to change over it's 'bout time 'cause hip-hop need a make over  if most producers want to charge too much but around my way that's how you get fucked up  you might think we all beats and rhymes but way before this rap shit,nigga the streets was mine  i got that hot shit, that thug life 'pac shit that get hot shit, that b.i.g. ready to die shit