yeah, i'm right here, dog where my dogs at? we right here, dog where my dogs at? i'm right here, dog what must i go through to show you shit is real? and i ain't really never gave a fuck how niggas feel rob and i steal, not 'cause i want to, 'cause i have to and don't make me show you what the mac do if you don't know by now, then you slippin' i'm on some bullshit that's got me jackin', niggas flippin' let my man and them stay pretty, but i'ma stay shitty cruddy, it's all for the money, is you with me? get the bitches and i'll commit the crime when it's on, we transform like optimus prime i'll form the head, roll out, let's make it happen if we ain't gonna get it with this, we'll take your captain bustin' off, dustin' off the softest niggas money with the biggest mouth, yo, let's off this nigga up north, this nigga never made a sound breathe too fuckin' hard and you're gettin' bust down yo, yo, y'all niggas wanna be killers?  y'all niggas wanna feel us?  y'all niggas want the real  what, yeah  y'all niggas wanna be killers?  y'all niggas wanna feel us?  y'all niggas want the real  what, yeah  nowadays, it ain't lookin' too good for certain niggas i'm hurtin' niggas  robbin' niggas, jerkin' niggas, stickin' niggas 'cause they deserve it when money got murdered they know he died slow 'cause they heard it the nigga ain't blew up the spot a while and the motherfucker ain't got shot in a while  it just takes a light up to fuck the night up  blow everything in sight up  fuck around and i'll have your ass right up  he makes up some shit, he wasn't able to stand i got shit that'll disable a man with the wave of a hand the days are longer and it seems like i'm facin' time i've got a lot of dreams, but i'm not really chasin' mine i soak it all up like a sittin' fly 'cause nowadays, gettin' by is nothin' more than an occasional meal and gettin' high i live to die, that's where i'm headed let your man hold somethin', now it's all about you can get it y'all niggas wanna be killers?  y'all niggas wanna feel us?  y'all niggas want the real  what, yeah, yeah, come on  one in the back left your faggot ass face down lucky that you breathin', but you dead from the waist-down the fuck is on your mind? talkin' that shit that you be talkin' and i bet you wish you never got hit 'cause you'd be walkin' but shit happens and fuck it, you done did your dirt niggas is wonderin' how the fuck you hid your skirt right under their eyes like a surprise to the guys that one of their mans was a bitch in disguise i'm fuckin' with cats that order more hits and slaughter more kids let me holla at you, youngin', baltimore shit  nah'mean? i'm just robbin' to eat and there's at least a thousand of us like me mobbin' the street when we starvin', we eat whatever's there come on, you know the code in the street whatever's fair blood stains and chalk, means your man couldn't walk after the talk about him not bein' on 11-33 to new york transformin'-ass niggas'll get it quick and yo, for real, that nigga k can suck my dick and it's gon' take all these niggas in the rap game to barely move me 'cause when i blow shit up, i have niggas fallin' like white bitches in a scary movie ah! you know i don't know how to act get too close to niggas, it's like, protected by viper, stand back what's this? i thought you niggas was killers, demented the fuck you want me to do with this coward? finish him, it's ended yo, you holdin'?  i'm holdin', you holdin' yo, let's ride, nigga, yo come on, yo, we goin' to the mess hall with this shit fuck that, hold up, hold up, hold up, man, i gotta yo, man, shut the fuck up man, you ain't sayin' shit, bitch you ain't hold, you holdin'?  yo, 'cause i'm seein' this cat i'm seein' this cat up in here, man  the nigga, the nigga, the nigga just came in talkin' all this hardcore shit what he was doin' at the other jail you know what i'm sayin'?  yo, check it, i don't give a fuck  yo, listen, man, 'cause you, you just be talkin' shit, man hold up, ayo, why, why you always wanna suspect everybody, man? you suspect, man, you supect, yo, just chill  yo, y'all niggas ridin'?  yo, we gon' take this nigga on a ride  straight, rough ride yo, let's go, let's get the fuck up out of here yo, man, shut the fuck up, dog yo, come on, yo yo, what's up, nigga?  what you mean what's up, nigga, you don't know me yo, hold up