crack, yeah scott storch y'all dirty, crack, come on it's two up in the mornin' girl, and the dj playin' that song now what you gon' do?  what you gon' do?  it's two up in the mornin' girl, and the dj playin' that song now what you gon' do?  what you gon' do?  i got that plat no-limit american express card mami you can get whatever you like plus i got that all-black phantom it's tinted on four sides go 'head kiss it, they can't see us inside mami tell me do you like it, i know you like it it's written all over your face don't fight it you like it, more than i like it so put it all over your face don't bite it from rags to riches, club packed with bitches had to bag them digits, her head game was vicious  and we can get it poppin' in the bathroom don't be selfish ma, go ahead and pass it to him then we can all fuck it's like a million on my neck, got all of these bitches awestruck aow! we pissy drunk off of sarafem i'm up in v.i.p. and these bitches are screamin' let me in up in the mornin' girl, and the dj playin' that song now what you gon' do?  what you gon' do?  it's two up in the mornin' now and i'm tryin' to go home with you now what you gon' do?  what you gon' do?  ha ha, yeah, uhh, yo, uh get it poppin', go 'head and drop it it's written all over your face, don't stop it just drop it, more like it's hot, miss kick in the do' with the fo-fo messin' with joe now this chick got an ass so fat in fact i put a drink on it and i came right back she would never talk to a lame like that in my ear screamin', how you got a name like crack? crack, similar to mike jones hear my name enough, then i'm takin' you home aow! you know i walk with i talk with i sleep with the chrome, one squeeze and you're gone what i look like, not takin at least three to six women out the club with me now we back to the fuck pad, call it the fuck pad cause all these bitches fuckin with me, talk to 'em dirty up in the mornin' girl, and the dj playin' that song now what you gon' do?  what you gon' do?  well, it's two up in the mornin' and them niggas tryin' hate on your crew nigga, what you gon' do?  yeah, what you gon' do?  now when them doors swing open with that awkward motion what you call it? suicide, it's a suicide and if them niggas talk shit cause they drunk off that potion they commitin - suicide, it's a suicide let's get it poppin my niggas  i got a shotty my niggas  i feel sorry for your mudda, give a fuck what you say spin your head back, promote you on a videotape up in the mornin' girl, and the dj playin' that song now what you gon' do?  what you gon' do?  it's four up in the mornin' now and i'm tryin' to go home with you now what you gon' do?  what you gon' do?  yeah, it's crack!  cafe nigga got all my people in there partyin all the party people across the world ladies, things of that nature aow, nigga