ladies and gentlemen! okay! how you doin' ma, this ya' song ma! yea c'mon ma, this ya' song ma! we can get it on ma, this ya song ma! this ya song ma, this ya song how ya doin ma, yea come here, where you goin ma, what up you in a rush? what's goin' on ma? you can keep goin' ma but in this cold world you gon' need a man this thorough to keep you warm ma you and me? we can take this world by storm ma so let me have ya math and then i'm gone ma i'm havin' an afterparty later on ma so you should cancel whatever you was doin' ma we can get a 'telly and visit and get it on ma you wid'it, i hit it 'til 6 in the morn' ma you ain't hear the song ma? yea i'm a don ma so if you ridin' with a playa then c'mon ma how you doin' ma oh this ya' song ma yea yea c'mon ma oh this ya' song ma yea we can get it on ma oh this ya song ma yea this ya song ma yea this ya song yea scream at 'em yea me and you it don't get no betta but we can do it all it don't get no betta our love it don't get no betta cause you remind me of the first time you know what you remind me of? the sun that shines above, i think i'm in love cause everytime i look in your eyes they be dumb bright like the sunlight when i look in the sky and you always look fly, you stay wit' the mean outfit and got shoes they ain't even come out wit' always got ya nails done, always got ya self fixed you're the type of chick i can see me goin out wit' and i ain't knockin' ya hustle but you should be somebody wifey, icey with a rock on your knuckle and we'll look hot as a couple cause you shaped so beautifully and you almost cute as me   mm mm mm, wit' ya sexy self go to my hotel and undress yourself and after we have sex, don't stress yourself i'll still respect you, if you respect yourself girl, it's whatever, i get the chedda when we get together, it don't get no betta and you can see i'm donnin' cause my arm on chill it look like i spilled freon on it i made hella paper on the block that's why i'm 'bout to put a 3-storee elevator in my yahct they gon' keep hatin' it boo but keep holdin' me down strong, this song's dedicated to you    baby i can't deny that i'm feeling you the way that you look and the things you do no it...it don't get no betta no it...it don't get no betta baby it don't don't get no betta no oh, it don't get no betta oh oh oh, we got another one, full surface! i go by the name cassidy man, the problem you dealin' wit' the best, me and mashonda it don't get no better than this