boys stop it's about to be a girlfight hey, some new shit, yeah brooke valentine, what? it's about to be a what? big boi, lil jon! sending this out to all the ladies that got beef with another bitch uh huh, just walk to that bitch and tell her, whatcha' tell her?  it's about to be a what? girlfight! we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs it's about to be a what? girlfight!  there she go talkin' her mess all around town making me stress i need to get this off my chest and if her friend want some then she'll be next it really ain't that complicated y'all walk around looking all frustrated want some plex come on let's make it ya acting real hard but i know ya fakin'  know you really don't wanna step to this really don't know why you talk this shit you about to catch one right in the lip it's about to be a what? girlfight! know you really don't wanna step to this really don't know why you talk this shit you about to catch one right in the lip it's about to be a what? girlfight!  it's about to be a what? girlfight! we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs it's about to be a what? girlfight!  we on our way to ya neighborhood the reason why we comin' is understood me and my girls we down to ride so when you hear us pull up bring ya butt outside and if you try to call yo cousin and nem don't forget that i got some of dem bout to go real hard bout to swang dem thangs bout to feel elbows all in ya brain  know you really don't wanna step to this really don't know why you talk this shit you about to catch one right in the lip it's about to be a what? girlfight!  it's about to be a what? girlfight! we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs it's about to be a what? girlfight!  oh i know you don't want me to split ya dome girl you makin me really mad... oh i know you don't want me to split ya dome i'm about to bruise ya face and it's sad...  oh snap, these bitches they act like cats in the middle of the dance floor now they preparing to scrap they takin out their scrunchies and pullin off their press-ons the one on the right is the girlfriend and the one the left is another woman someone please call securty, these girls too perty to get down to the nitty titty i mean the nitty gritty i mean her titties pretty i'm trippin being silly willy, man don't let them hoes fight  it's about to be a what? girlfight! we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs we bout to throw dem bows we bout to swing dem thangs it's about to be a what? girlfight! don't act like you don't know we right outside yo door see you peekin' out the window i know you ain't talking noise no more don't act like you don't know we right outside yo door see you peekin' out the window i know you ain't talking noise no more bitch come outside   don't act like you don't see me it's about to be a...girlfight