yeah, nigga once again, we have m-o-b-b, nigga yeah, uh-huh uh, yeah, come on now yeah, yo, yo ain't no party once we crash the party i'ma scoop shorty then vacate the party you keep grillin', i pump-pump the shotty put you in the trunk then dump-dump the body nigga, you don't know, you better ask somebody y'all get down, we gonna clash probably peel snowflake outta that abercrombie i'm tryna grip britney, so i made jive sign me, nigga catch me in the club with a double edge banger i'm the wrong one to fuck with nah, i know the promoters, i'm in with the musket pound of the haze and a box of dutches high to the cottonmouth paranoid, make the wrong move, bitch, and your ass is out like m.o.p., nigga, i'll mash you out if i can't get you here, swing by your house, motherfucker y'all niggas got it twisted, huh? that liquor up into to you, charged that truth come out when you drunk your ass won't make it to see tomorrow y'all niggas got it twisted, huh? that liquor up into you, charged that truth come out when you drunk your ass won't make it to see tomorrow we step up in the club with one thing  on our mind, that's leave with something  get rid of that ring, get rid of those cuffs we about to... girl we about to... girl  we about to... girl-girl we about to... girl  we about to... girl-girl party over here, ain't shit over there them mobb deep boys got it locked right here wherever we at, we keep the blicks right there so wherever there's beef, it's gettin' fixed right there and they can't stop us, they too scared they know our caliber of thugs shoot at heads, nigga qb drop you off of that bridge show you how we do it in queens where murder ain't shit, nigga this is p talkin', show you where i live you can come right to my crib and get it for shiz it'll be a manslaughter right in front of my kids a little blood get on my daughter, it's nothing, she'll live got cops shook to death of us, we don't like d's you never catch us runnin' with the police y'all niggas get your vest-es up and y'all better invest in some real heavy bulletproof paneling y'all niggas got it twisted, huh? that liquor up into to you, charged that truth come out when you drunk your ass won't make it to see tomorrow y'all niggas got it twisted, huh? that liquor up into you, charged that truth come out when you drunk your ass won't make it to see tomorrow we step up in the club with one thing  on our mind, that's leave with something  get rid of that ring, get rid of those cuffs we about to... girl we about to... girl we about to... girl-girl we about to... girl we about to... girl-girl