ladies and gentlemen this here is another one for the steppas dj wayne williams... put the record on whoooooa oh whoa oh whoa oh woah yeah, whoa yeah whoooooa oh whoa oh whoa oh woah yeah, whoa, whoa tell me - what do we do, when the dj's playin' our favorite groove? we step - to when? - the whole night through and what do we do, when we all dressed up and in the mood? we step - to what? - a steppas groove where do we go soon as the weekend gets here? the club - why? - to party and have some fun what is it's that, can come and take away all your stress? tell me - music - no further questions, you have passed my test happy people  keeps the world turnin, turnin oh i believe that, happy people  keep us dancin, dancin, dancin happy people  keep us steppin, keep us steppin, steppin happy people  keeps us groovin, groovin, groovin tell me - now what do you do, when the feeling has come over you? you let go - and what? - let it take control and what do you say, when the gentleman ask you to dance you say yes - and then - get on the dancefloor even when it seems with goin' through some hard times what do we do? keep smilin' - cause we know - we're gonna make it through what is it's that, can come and take away all your stress? tell me - music - no further questions, you have passed my test happy people  keeps the world turnin, turnin oh i believe that, happy people  keep us dancin, dancin, dancin happy people  keep us steppin, keep us steppin, steppin happy people  keeps us groovin, groovin, groovin  i wanna get dressed, i wanna go out can you tell me where the spot is? where the party is all night, and everybody's havin a good time i wanna get nice, i wanna get loud can you tell me where the spot is? come on and take me to that place, where there ain't nuthin but happy whoooooa  happy people  keeps the world turnin, turnin oh i believe that, happy people  keep us dancin, dancin, dancin happy people  keep us steppin, keep us steppin, steppin happy people  keeps us groovin, groovin, groovin uh-uh-uh, alright, uh-huh now if you wanna step, you gotta play it by the rules you gotta do what i do - when i do, what i do if you wanna step, you gotta play it by the rules you gotta do what i do - when i do, what i do now, step to the left, step to the right spin around and bring it down tonight bring it on up, move in close let me see you and your partner stroke step to the left, step to the right spin around and bring it down tonight bring it on up, move in close let me see you and your partner stroke step to the left, step to the right spin around and bring it down tonight bring it on up, move in close let me see you and your partner stroke step to the left, step to the right spin around and bring it down tonight bring it on up, move in close let me see you and your partner stroke brake it down ya, brake it down all the way to the ground happy people baby, happy people baby happy people baby, happy people baby and bring it up, bring it up and tell ya all, standing up happy people baby, happy people baby happy people baby, happy people baby laughing wayne williams, keep the groove right there baby we gonna have some fun, uh-uh, chocolate factory my people, now we all know no matter how much i sing about happy people and all of those good things is still gon' be somebody out there what i do... right?  right?  but that's ok, because this album we gon' change things with this album because i know... in my heart that there is way more people out there lovin' then it is hatin' hey deborah  huh?  haha... well there's people with love in their hearts that's positive and feels real good about themselves and love themselves i wan't ya'll repeat after me, and maybe those few haters - they'll tag along ay... ya'll ready?  come on... one, two, three now first of all love god , love myself  love one another , no matter what the color  respect that woman , respect that man  you see a person down , then give them a hand  hit the health club , ev'ry now and then  put a smile on your face , and make a friend  stop that hatin' , and negativity  love your neighbor , said the powers that be  if you're going through somethin , don't take it out on me  just ask god to fix it , now be happy!  happy people baby! crowd cheering r. kelly ad-libs til fade