i just hate stupid people they should have to wear signs that just say i'm stupid that way you wouldn't rely on them, would you? you wouldn't ask them anything. it would be like, excuse me...oops never mind i didn't see your sign. it's like before my wife and i moved from texas to california our house was full of boxes and there was a u-haul truck in our driveway my friend comes over and says, hey, you moving? nope. we just pack our stuff up once or twice a week. just to see how many boxes it takes. here's your sign. why can't they get the picture? why don't they understand? we're not dealing with the planet of apes, we're talking about the modern man so you people with them itsy bitsy teensie weensie tiny minds... here's your sign. here's your sign a couple of months ago i went fishing with a buddy of mine, we pulled his boat into the dock, i lifted up this big 'ol stringer of bass this idiot on the dock goes, hey, yall catch all them fish? nope talked 'em into giving up. here's your sign. i was out in the front yard with my boy the other day and he was playing with his little friend, and he hit his friend and i went up to him and i said hey, , we don't hit. he looked up at me like, here's your sign, dad. why can't they get the picture? why don't they understand? we're not dealing with the planet of apes, we're talking about the modern man so you people with them itsy bitsy teensie weensie tiny minds... here's your sign. here's your sign i was watching one of those animal shows on the discovery channel, there was a guy inventing a shark bite suit. there's only one way to test that alright jimmy, you got that shark suit on, it looks good... they want you to jump into this pool of sharks, and you tell us if it hurts when they bite you. well allright....hold my sign, i don't wanna loose it why can't they get the picture? why don't they understand? we're not dealing with the planet of apes, we're talking about the modern man so you people with them itsy bitsy teensie weensie tiny minds... here's your sign. here's your sign last time i was home i was driving around i had a flat tire, i pulled my truck into one of these side-of-the-road gas statioons, the attendant walks out, looks at my truck looks at me, i swear to god he went, tire go flat? i couldn't resist i said nope no i was driving around and those other three just swelled right up on me. here's your sign. why can't they get the picture? why don't they understand? we're not dealing with the planet of apes, we're talking about the modern man so you people with them itsy bitsy teensie weensie tiny minds... people with them little bitty teenie weenie tiny monds... here's your sign we were trying to sell our car about a year ago, a guy come over to the house, drove the car around for about 45 minutes. we get back to the house, he gets out of the car, reaches down and grabs the exhaust pipe, then goes, damn thats hot! see... if he'd been wearing his sign, i could have stopped him