all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda..  all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda.. think you fuckin' with ja, nada watcha wanna go dollar for dollar?  my niggas is  fucks plenty bitches, and dug ditches for petty niggas you look in me eyes and tell me they style ain't ridiculous  pop da pussy and bounce like  sure if your paper is long  baby, baby don't you wanna leave tonight and fuck with me? 'cause we really need to be freaking off at any cost it's on me, if you married, then get a divorce when i hits it, some women get twisted have em' twitchin', like, damn look what the dick did i just wanna hit it the worst way, right after a long day and put the puss on lay-a-way, heard me? i'm that, dirty nigga that get you hot, and heated baby girl, if you want it as bad as you need it  all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda..  all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda.. let me holla at my true thugs if niggas want war, bust slugs nigga, what? i'm hotta hotta and just can't be touched plus, anybody that fucks with me, gonna get felt how many want it? determines how the slugs get dealt 'cause i  choke them niggas like roaches and then  long as i'm alive, i'ma  respect mines, to the day of my demise don't fuck with me, 'cause the flow's  whoever ever who wants it? it's yours, now your gonna   nigga full of holes treat 'em like hoes, and show no love to them homo thugs it's us you wanna fuck with as soon as them slugs skip from body to body, go from brave to bitch i don't respect it, plus niggas committed treason who want it with ja? who ready to die breathing?  all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda..  all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda.. ja baby, one of the many, many niggas who sip henny with the the two-seaters, sitting on twenties i, i be with running in, running out then, thou bestow hit em' up, gun em' down niggas ain't ready for ja, anyway, anyhow i give it give it to niggas, claimin' that they live it real  brandish the iron and flash like  when you got nothing to live for notice, niggas be hot, and more explosive focus, ready to rip 'em up with the toasters my life, niggas is frontin', and stuntin' for nothing better act right, fo' i spark and dim your lights? i'm a hazard for niggas, a bastard to bitches, when in doubt, go for self, and clap to finish anything movin' rightfully hit for wrong doin' i'ma follow and encourage all my niggas to   all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda..  all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda..   all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda..  all my niggas that's ready to get  bitches know who can get 'em a little  come on, if you rollin' with me  it's murda..