no, ooh sometimes a man has to choose and do something he doesn't wanna do do i live my life with you as my wife or do i go on and pursue my lifetime dream? i gotta do this for me 'cause if i don't, i'll probably regret it but if i do, i'll probably regret it how do i cope? how do you cope when the one you love is with somebody else and there's nothing you could do about it? how do you deal with the fact that you had a chance but you chose to turn away for your career i gotta take it, though it's heartbreakin' it's something that i had to do but nobody said that it would hurt so bad so how do i live how do i deal without you? it's killing me to know that your heart's with me but you're with him 'cause i chose to be in this industry money, shows, and hoes come along with luxury and pain is all you see when you think about it  but this is the life that i was given so i have to live it to the fullest but how do i deal in the meantime without you? how do you cope when the one you love is with somebody else and there's nothing you could do about it? how do you deal with the fact that you had a chance but you chose to turn away for your career? i gotta take it, though it's heartbreakin' it's something that i had to do but nobody said that it would hurt so bad so how do i live  how do i deal without you? how do you deal when you can't be with the one you love, but the one you love is with somebody else  what do you do when you know she don't love him but she loves me, but she can't stand lovin' you far away?  you just deal with it, deal with it  you just deal with it, deal with it  you just deal with it, deal with it  you just deal with it, deal with it  how do you cope when the one you love is with somebody else and there's nothing you could do about it? how do you deal with the fact that you had a chance but you chose to turn away for your career? i gotta take it, though it's heartbreakin' it's something that i had to do but nobody said that it would hurt so bad so how do i live  how do i deal without you? how do you cope when the one you love is with somebody else and there's nothing you could do about it? how do you deal with the fact that you had a chance but you chose to turn away for your career?