it's kinda crazy, babe, how i remember things like where you came from and how you had nothin' i went and made you fly, put extras on your ride didn't miss a birthday, now you can't even remember mine you made it clear to me  love made me blind, baby  you had things up your sleeve  don't even lie to me i even heard it from your family how could you let somebody lay where i laid? how could you give him everything that we made? how could you call him all the names that you used to call me? how could you, how could you just forget about me? how could you teach him all the things i taught you? how could you put him on to the ghetto kama sutra? how could you put me in the back and give him the front seat? how could you, how could you just forget about me? you must be out your mind, you got a lot of nerve to think that i'm gon' chill after all the shit i heard i damn near carried you, i could've married you good thing i found out 'fore i bought that seven-karat for you i know you're sick about  go 'head and pack it out  you should have thought of me before you hopped in them sheets damn, i can't believe that you did this to me, baby how could you let somebody lay where i laid? how could you give him everything that we made? how could you call him all the names that you used to call me? how could you, how could you just forget about me? how could you teach him all the things i taught you? how could you put him on to the ghetto kama sutra? how could you put me in the back and give him the front seat? how could you, how could you just forget about me? girl, i tried to give you everything can't believe the ways you repaid me girl, you had it all but i guess my all wasn't good enough for you baby, i've accepted it, and i ain't gon' trip girl, i'm moving on sometimes, i can't help but think that another man's gonna get the one i made for me how could you let somebody lay where i laid? how could you give him everything that we made? how could you call him all the names that you used to call me? how could you, how could you just forget about me? how could you teach him all the things i taught you? how could you put him on to the ghetto kama sutra? how could you put me in the back and give him the front seat? how could you, how could you just forget about me? how could you?   how could you, girl? how could you?  ooh  how could you?