i love my bitch  ,   busta rhymes my lady never lets me down that's why i never let her go she always there to lift me up when i fall down and hit the floor my baby's so amazing let me sit back and count the way  she the shit  she the shit  she the shit  i love my bitch   i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my bitch, she the shit  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  i love my girl cause she know she the shit swagger kind of ill, she ain't scared of the dick got her own gig, though she act kinda rude does she know my money large and spend her dough on a dude real life chick, let her fuck wit' a thug sip the martini quick, and wanna fuck in the club cause.. see that's my chick.. that's my chick.. that's my chick.. cause she the shit and she the type keep shit on low never stress the kid when i'm surrounded with hoes if you knew the shit that she be doin to me in the club, in the crib, or when i'm pushin the v see, shorty ass be all over the place nigga front, she prolly put the ratchet all in your face for me cause that's my chick.. that's my chick.. cause that's my chick.. and she the shit ,   busta rhymes my lady never lets me down that's why i never let her go she always there to lift me up when i fall down and hit the floor my baby's so amazing let me sit back and count the way  she the shit  she the shit  she the shit  i love my bitch   i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my bitch, she the shit  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  you see my bitch, she a one of a kind i know you wish ya bitch was a rider like mine  when you see my chick, you know my shorty a dime when she rollin wit' a nigga she be skippin the line listen, the type to reserve the ass for a nigga and if i have to skip town, she hold a stash for a nigga i'm sayin.. cause that's my chick.. that's my chick.. cause that's my chick.. cause she the shit i know you buggin on the way shit sound but you know i love the way my bitch be holdin it down extremely thorough by the way she reppin it hard travel anywhere, my shorty come fuck with the god bust it, mami always quick to feud when she can even if she have to get up and just lie on the stand i'm sayin.. that's my chick.. that's my chick.. cause that's my chick.. and she the shit ,   busta rhymes my lady never lets me down that's why i never let her go she always there to lift me up when i fall down and hit the floor my baby's so amazing let me sit back and count the way  she the shit  she the shit  she the shit  i love my bitch   i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my lady yup, yup i love my bitch  i love my bitch, she the shit  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  i love my bitch  i love my bitch