if you had my love, and i gave you all my trust would you comfort me? and if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me and call me baby? now, if i give you me, this is how it's got to be first of all, i won't take you cheatin' on me tell me, who can i trust if i can't trust in you? and i refuse to let you play me for a fool  you said that we could possibly spend eternity  see, that's what you told me, that's what you said but if you want me, you have to be fulfilling all my dreams  if you really want me, bae if you had my love, and i gave you all my trust would you comfort me? would you comfort me? tell me, baby and if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue, yeah  would you lie to me and call me baby?  you said you want my love and you've got to have it all but first, there are some things you need to know if you wanna live with all i have to give i need to feel true love or it's got to end, yeah i don't want you trying to get with me   and i end up unhappy i don't need the hurt and i don't need the pain so before i do give myself to you  i have to know the truth if i spend my life with you if you had my love, and i gave you all my trust  would you comfort me? what would you do, babe? tell me right now and if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue  would you lie to me and call me baby?  if you had my love, and i gave you all my trust  what would you do? would you comfort me?  and if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue  would you lie to me and call me baby?  mmm, yeah ooh, na, na, na ooh  if you had my love, and i gave you all my trust would you comfort me?  and if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue  would you lie to me and call me baby?  if you had my love, and i gave you all my trust  would you comfort me?  and if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue  would you lie to me and call me baby?  if you had my love, and i gave you all my trust would you comfort me? and if somehow you knew that your love would be untrue would you lie to me and call me baby?