is there room for me? anymore room? yeah  ooh looking good plenty tight  is there room? any more room for me in those jeans?  really thick like i like it tell me is there any more room for me in those jeans?  looking tasty really scrumptious tell me is there any more room for me? in those jeans  looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me check this out got on my ride seen you from a far and i couldn't stop myself from looking hard you wore these jeans girl you wore these jeans and you made a thug wanna cry something terrible i had to have, have you for myself baby you don't know what those jeans do to me make me wanna get down on one knee you got that thunder and it only makes me wonder how it feels to get up in those jeans oh those jeans looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me in those jeans? really thick like i like it tell me is there any more room for me in those jeans? looking tasty really scrumptious tell me is there any more room for me? in those jeans looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me is there any more? you are the bomb girl you tight to death i don't know the words to say to you all that i know, baby all i know is that i'm loving what i see and i'm feeling you i wanna know, all i wanna know is if i could have what's up in those jeans baby can i have what's up in those jeans don't get alarmed cause i don't mean no harm but i love the way you wear those jeans levi's, prada, baby phat, i love them love the way you wearing them, i love them, yeah calvin, iceberg, sergio, i love them trying to get inside of those yeah, yeah, yeah looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me in those jeans? really thick like i like it tell me is there any more room for me in those jeans? looking tasty really scrumptious tell me is there any more room for me? in those jeans looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me i wanna say that them jeans looking good fitting right baby damn those jeans any kind doesn't matter you could win 'em you look fine baby damn those jeans anytime that i see you i want in, you wear them well baby damn those jeans you the shit, you the bomb all i wanna know is can i have what's in those jeans can i get in those can i baby looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me in those jeans? really thick like i like it tell me is there any more room for me in those jeans? looking tasty really scrumptious tell me is there any more room for me? in those jeans looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me in those jeans? really thick like i like it tell me is there any more room for me in those jeans? looking tasty really scrumptious tell me is there any more room for me? in those jeans looking good plenty tight is there room? any more room for me