ugh!  what up, y'all? yeah  woo!  if y'all ain't know i go by the name of lupe fiasco  representing that 1st  15th, yeah, uh  and this one right here  i dedicate this one right here  to all my homies out there grinding  you know what i'm saying? legally and illegally, haha you know what i'm talking about?  so, check it out, uh first got it when he was six, didn't know any tricks matter of fact, first time he got on it, he slipped landed on his hip and busted his lip for a week he had to talk with a lisp, like thisss...  now we can end the story right here but shorty didn't quit, it was something in the air  yeah, he said it was something so appealing he couldn't fight the feeling, something about it he knew he couldn't doubt it, couldn't understand it branded, since the first kickflip he landed, ugh  labeled a misfit, a bandit ka-kunk, ka-kunk, ka-kunk his neighbors couldn't stand it, so he was banished to the park started in the morning, wouldn't stop 'til after dark, yeah when they said it's getting late in here so i'm sorry, young man, there's no skating here and so he kick, push, kick, push kick, push, kick, push coast... and away he rolled just a rebel to the world with no place to go and so he kick, push, kick, push kick, push, kick, push coast... so come and skate with me just a rebel looking for a place to be so let's kick...  and push  and coast uh, uh, uh  my man got a little older, became a better roller yeah, no helmet, hell-bent on killing himself is what his mama said, but he was feeling himself got a little more swagger in his style met his girlfriend, she was clapping in the crowd love is what-what was happening to him now, ugh! he said i would marry you but i'm engaged to these aerials and varials and i don't think this board is strong enough to carry two she said, bow! i weigh a hundred and twenty pounds  now, let me make one thing clear i don't need to ride yours, i got mine right here so she took him to a spot he didn't know about some modern apartment parking lot she said, i don't normally take dates in here security came and said, i'm sorry, there's no skating here and so they kick, push, kick, push kick, push, kick, push, coast and away they roll just lovers intertwined with no place to go and so they kick, push, kick, push kick, push, kick, push, coast so come and skate with me just a rebel looking for a place to be so let's kick  and push, yeah, yeah  and coast   yeah, yeah! before he knew, he had a crew that wasn't no punk in they spitfire shirts and sb dunks they would push 'til they couldn't skate no more office building lobbies wasn't safe no more and it wasn't like they wasn't getting chased no more just the freedom was better than breathing, they said  an escape route they used to escape out when things got crazy, they needed to break out they'd head  to any place with stairs any good grinds, the world was theirs, ugh!  and their four wheels would take them there until the cops came and said, there's no skating here and so they kick, push, kick, push kick, push, kick, push, coast and away they rolled just rebels without a cause with no place to go and so they kick, push, kick, push kick, push, kick, push, coast so come roll with me just a rebel looking for a place to be so let's kick  and push, yeah, yeah  and coast ah-ha, swanky