birdman!  mm-huh! jazzy fizzle product-shizzle my nizzle oh boy! with lil' bow wizzle  ay...ay, i see you with shorty huh take her to tha mall pimp!  okay! show me how lil man roll!  i know this chick named nicole, they call her bougie didn't wanna shop nowhere but gucci  and burberry and prada was her style  i'm tryin' to tell y'all that shorty could get down  conversations amazing in my phone, shorty's in heavy rotation  thinkin' to myself like, this is the one broke her down, told shorty how to do this hun!  neva gave her the cold shoulder if she's in the benz, i let her take ova' the rover  then it's off to the movies, tell her i'm like austin, let's get groovyyyy! from the movies to the crib git her for ya heard that's what i did, and!  i'll find me another one more interesting, more fun the man has just begun! it's really, really nice to meet ya ma  i'm really, really diggin' yo style  say you wanna go chill with a baller huh  let's get down! it's really, really nice to meet ya boy ya know i'm really feelin' yo style ya know i wanna chill with a baller so lets get down! ay! i see what cha doin' lil bow wow  ya had a date ya did that. now i want you to go world wide with it east coast, west coast, mid-west, and down bound i know this girl named cindy  loves to rock fendi  when she leaves the mall, the stores is all empty east coast, new york, my up town chick  i see her when i cruise the park and 106  next...her name is renee  she lives on the west side i hit the l.a.x.  i'm so impressed by the way that she dress  she walks like a model, the girl is so fresh  i got a few of them, here's what i do to them  take 'um out, try to teach somethin' new to them  it's no thang, when you heavy in the game i got another one who loves the mid-west swing!  she's from the show-men state so i showed her my 'b' and my quarter to eight, hey!  i know you caught on late, but that's 745 now shorty, now let's ride, hop in the whip! it's really, really nice to meet ya ma  i'm really, really diggin' yo style  say you wanna go chill with a baller huh  let's get down! it's really, really nice to meet ya boy ya know i'm really feelin' yo style ya know i wanna chill with a baller so lets get down! ay! now i'm about to test your p's lil bow wow  see lil' one ova' there she bout 25, and she been lookin' at cha' pull over there in ya ride on 22's and bust her out! i know this girl named keisha, she's no groupie be far from the stars, 22's made her choose me like ooh wee!, tellin' all her friends in the benz he don't really look 16 do he?' 112, youngest thing on the scene couldn't believe when i seen how she squeezed in them jeans looks like a tight situation make a young man make flight reservations just step, no intimidation's i'm bow wow boo, accept no imitations should have seen the looks on they faces the ice plus light, makes for good conversation you tellin' me it's a felony, to yell at me i blew her mind she was dazed momentarily but luckily, she stayed for some therapy i stay pimpin' heavily my game spittin' thoroughly  it's really, really nice to meet ya ma  i'm really, really diggin' yo style  say you wanna go chill with a baller huh  let's get down! it's really, really nice to meet ya boy ya know i'm really feelin' yo style ya know i wanna chill with a baller so lets get down! shorty  you lookin' fly boy certified ya went platinum, round the world coast to coast ya good wit me. ya get a stunna certification r.r.a.a. ya good player lil bow weezy it's yo turn shine baby  do you lil daddy.  bow weezy baby!..... live it up bird call baby! shorty  5 ft. pimpin' boy ya good wit me lil one. let's roll! it's really, really nice to meet ya boy ya know i'm really feelin' yo style ya know i wanna chill with a baller so lets get down!