yo baby, this ain't no remix here so if you with this, come and get this yeah baby  sing it, sing it do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? jojo, show them what you got  don't wanna get sexy, baby if you don't wanna get nasty maybe we can compromise and both get a little bit freaky  right over here and let me rub that body maybe you would like it, girl it might get you in the mood, g let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  yo, this is a new jodeci format, baby k-ci, step to the mic so won't you tell me do you like it, girl 'cause i love how you move around let's take it to the floor, lady let's move up and down we don't have to do sex, lady let's just make the sound so tell me girls, are ya with me?  you thought i was puttin' you down let's go through the motions, baby   let's go through the motions, baby   let's go through the motions, baby   let's go through the motions, baby  now, i'll be damma, yep, i slamma baby, check my gramma' and i go long 'cause mr. dalvin got stamina  and i be hittin' skins, makin' ends but your man couldn't touch me by the hairs on my chinny chin, nigga fake the freak, i'm not faking the funky freak  no cummin on my sheets  so hit me up, uh-wee-buh-wubba-wuh yes, i wrecks it, i checks it, i gets butt naked  so be my baby, baby, baby yo, next, i flex put hickeys on her neck i zoom and more boom than wrecks-n-effect  it won't be long  we can go home   it won't be long if you wanna moan because you look so sexy, baby you really turn me on, oh oh oh do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? let's go through the motions, baby do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump me? let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  let's go through the motions, baby  do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? let's go through the motions, baby do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? do you wanna pump, do you wanna pump with me? let's go through the motions, baby