lonely, i'm mr. lonely i have nobody for my own i'm so lonely, i'm mr. lonely i have nobody for my own i'm so lonely yo, this one here goes out to all my players out there, man, you know that got that one good girl, dawg, that's always been there, man like, took all the bullshit but then one day she can't take it no more and decides to leave yeah, i woke up in the middle of the night and i noticed my girl wasn't by my side could've sworn i was dreamin' for her i was feenin' so i had to take a little ride backtrackin' on these few years tryin' to figure out what i do to make it go bad 'cause ever since my girl left me my whole life came crashin', and i'm so chorus bobby vinton  akon  lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely can't believe i had a girl like you and i just let you walk right out of my life after all i put you through you still stuck around and stayed by my side what really hurt me is i broke your heart baby, you a good girl and i had no right i really wanna make things right 'cause without you in my life, girl, i'm so chorus bobby vinton  akon  lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely been all about the world, ain't never met a girl that could take the things that you been through never thought the day would come where you would get up and run and i would be out chasin' you 'cause ain't nowhere in the globe i'd rather be ain't no one in the globe i'd rather see  than the girl of my dreams that made me be so happy, but now so lonely chorus bobby vinton  akon  lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely never thought that i'd be alone  i didn't think you'd be gone this long  i just want you to call my phone so stop playin', girl, and come on home  baby girl, i didn't mean to shout  i want me and you to work it out  i never wished that i would ever hurt my baby  and it's drivin' me crazy, 'cause i'm so chorus bobby vinton  akon  lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely  i'm mr. lonely  i have nobody  for my own  i'm so lonely so lonely , so lonely  mr. lonely , so lonely  so lonely , so lonely  so lonely, mr. lonely