we thuggish ruggish niggas always, always and ready to bring the war up your way, if you hate we thuggish ruggish niggas always, always and ready to bring the war up your way, if you hate look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me would you look into my eyes? look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me could you tell me what you see? comin' through the door with my militia, why do they bring big niggas? fuck y'all, with a gang of bodyguards my niggas is stone cold killas, peelas steppin' out the limos the bitch soldiers maintain givin' my babies all of my money, but my diamonds steady be shinin' my gang, you know me. homies got mo' love and i'm blessed, when i'm outta my sentence pump my fist to mo thug, gotta keep the lord up over my shoulders jesus sent me his roll or loco, sober, load a revolver, hold up now, buck 'em all to hell, cause i'm showin' 'em and i seen that the bulletholes was too much, no luck ya get blowed up, all of you niggas goes out the surgeons say that your body can not be sewed up hold up, and wait a minute it's time for bone thugs, 'cause y'all think that you can really hate, nigga look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me would you look into my eyes? look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me could you tell me what you see? what makes a nigga think he can bite my shit and call his shit original? what's worse, tellin' people you made the style we put down three fuckin' years ago and that's just like a nigga wanna take all the credit i bet it didn't even occur that we would eventually meet with ya, kid don't crash, collide, lock up with the enemy and i don't wanna say a nigga's name and all that but a y'all fin to get stomped, let 'em loose and they heard the news, ya run up, ya could get dead, oh uh-huh, hey, we murder muthafuckas in a deadly way - fully automatic when we let 'em lay aw shit! get down, leatherface. fuck 'em all, if i can't get my respect come on, now, put them to rest what a bloody, bloody mess, but nevertheless, we won't stress i figured this platinum got you actin' like you got to be me it's all in your mind, but in time, you'll find we as real as we speak look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me would you look into my eyes? look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me could you tell me what you see? all i see is this soldier, pistol in holster, givin' you the most i toast to them thugs nigga, nothin' but the love of bud that we brought to the table and a nigga wanna test, catch slugs, put 'em in the mud harmony smooth with the thug shit, mo murda to the fools that clone five niggas loc'd out with the roughness, nigga and it's war when you craft these bones we can get it on and i'm referrin' to all of y'all bitches y'all know who y'all are when y'all tried that rollin' with the e since '93, shuttin' shit down in the industry, nigga, can you bite that? i know y'all niggas wanna roll with pros, and make friend of foes but we chosen - god done blessed us with his potion pure devotion, freely spoken, baby niggas can't see us never, stay together, my clique too clever ridin' through the days of the stormy weather remember eternal, it means for everlastin' 1 assassin blastin', bashin' on all you niggas's what i'm doin' all of the heavens gonna be rulin' trues, when he come we won't be losin', provin' 'em wrong look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me would you look into my eyes? look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me could you tell me what you see? i see five killer realer niggas ready to roll wherever i go true to pull the trigger, smother a nigga, put 'em in a river we the killers, and that's for sure niggas out there clownin' mine, you can't rhyme, the style you got is all mine and when i see you, bitch, i'm goin' in your pockets double-time and it's like that, you don't want that come and get some pap, pap. wanna sound like? wanna be like? nigga, we can't have that why a nigga wanna bite the bone shit? platinum raps nigga bet that bitin' shit ain't doin' nothin', tryin' to make somethin' outta nothin' fuck it, let's peel caps, buck 'em all down put 'em in check, fuck 'em up with the 44 mag, i'm glad cause when you're fuckin' with bone, we sendin' 'em home in a body bag now, look into my eyes, bet you see a realer killer thug puttin' it down with harmony, harmony look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me would you look into my eyes? look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me could you tell me what you see? look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me would you look into my eyes? look into my eyes and tell me what it is you see in me could you tell me what you see? bone thugs, bone thugs, bone thugs...