music make you lose control music make you lose control let's go hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey here we go now, here we go now here we go now, here we go now  misdemeanor's in the house, yeah ciara's in the house misdemeanor's in the house fatman scoop-man, scoop-man, scoop i got a cute face, chubby waist  thick legs, in shape  rump shakin', both ways  make you do a double take  planet rocker, show stopper flow proper, head knocker  beat scholar, tail dropper do my thang, motherfuckers  rolls royce, lamborghini  blue madina, always beamin'  rag top, chrome pipes  blue lights, outta sight   sewed in   sewed in  make that money, throw it in  booty bouncin', go'on 'head  everybody here, get it out of control get your backs off the wall, 'cause misdemeanor said so  everybody  step, step everybody  everybody  step, step everybody  well, my name is ciara for all you fly fellas no one can do it better  boy, the music makes me lose control  we gon' make you lose control  and let it go, 'fore you know, you gon' hit the flo'  i rock to the beat 'til i'm tired i walk in the club, it's fire get it crunk and wired wave yo' hands, scream louder if you smoke, then fire it up  bring the roof down and holla if you tipsy, stand up dj, turn it louder take somebody by the waist and uh! now throw it in they face like uh! hypnotic, robotic, this here will rock yo' bodies  take somebody by the waist and uh!  now throw it in they face like uh!  systematic, ecstatic, this hit be automatic! work wait, work, work  work wait, work, work  work wait, work, work  work wait, do it right hit the floor, hit the floor  hit the floor, hit the floor  hit the floor, hit the floor hit the floor  everybody here, get it out of control  get your backs off the wall, 'cause misdemeanor said so  everybody  step, step everybody  everybody  step, step everybody  everybody here, get it out of control  get your backs off the wall, 'cause misdemeanor said so  everybody  everybody  everybody  everybody , get loose  now put your back on the wall put your back on the wall put your back on the wall put your back on the wall misdemeanor's in the house yeah, ciara's in the house misdemeanor's in the house  we on fire, we on fire, we on fire, we on fire now throw it, girl, throw it, girl, throw it, girl, yeah now move your arms to the left, girl now move your arms to the left, girl now move your arms to the right, girl now move your arms to the right, girl let's go now, let's go now, let's go now, woo! let's go should i bring it back right now? now bring it back down! woo! oh, i see you, ci now see, i'ma, i'ma do it like ci do it now shake it, girl, c'mon and just shake it, girl c'mon and let it pop right, girl, c'mon and let it pop right, girl now, now, back it up, girl, back it up, girl back it up, girl, back it up, girl woo! woo! woo! yo, yo bring it to the front, girl, yo, yo bring it to the front, girl, yo, yo bring it to the front, girl, yo, yo bring it to the front, girl, let's go, let's go woo!