yeah! ghetto to ghetto  as we bring the drama live  we bout to set it!  word life son! yeah! mad flavors  butters ghetto to ghetto, yeah! keep your chicken head, i'm lookin' for a dime  get my swerve on, make it hot, word bond i'm lickin' on your ankle bracelet we'll be sippin' moet with strawberries to chase it i'm nasty, ask me, why i lick my lips so in the darkness, i can run my tongue over your tits it's all good sugary, you ain't leavin' sit up on my face and help my stash grow even whipped cream taste mean from the back she bounce with ll now shorty's on the map i put away the gat, took off the hat throw ya mo's in the air if you like it like that no doubt boo, i keep it real girl mad pleasure, blowin' up your whole world whatever's clever i got endless cash trees from hawaii, two pulls and pass i'll be lounging with ll, cooool j i'll be lounging with ll, heyyy heyyy i'll be lounging with ll, cooool j i'll be lounging with ll, heyyy heyyy uhh, my scenario is grand  a dime piece, henessey up in my hand i turn off the lights like teddy  i'm fiendin', starin' in the darkness, now i'm ready uhh, ooh yeah up in ya! let it flow while i pump slow then i speed it up, heat it up make it mo' tasty, so you can swing low and lace me use your imagination you do me, i'll do you, sex education it's all good, it's cranberry absolut and peach scnapps feelin' tipsy, loungin' on the rooftops i'm 'bout to spank you on that ass  i know you love it when it lasts  when you need it who you ask?  what you sayin' when i dash?  i'll be lounging with ll, cooool j i'll be lounging with ll, heyyy heyyy i'll be lounging with ll, cooool j i'll be lounging with ll, heyyy heyyy c'mon, you got to bounce with me sugar  word up you got to bounce with me sugar  word up you got to bounce with me sugar  word up, you got to bounce with me sugar  warm it up sugar, make it hot shorties'll swarm, make me wanna bust shots  we speak, daily on the regular run your jibs all day chip in my cellular shoot down to jamaica, pretty white sand suntan oil, pina colada in you hand layin' up at night, peepin' out stars remember, when we was at the club at the bar? i told ya, my status, was that of a don you thought i was a dog and you ain't wanna get it on but my mind has attractin' qualities on the emotions of a young lady  so here you are, smack dab up in the mix  shorty this here's about as good as it gets word up, i'ma treat you like a queen from the heart crack the bubbly, and let the episode start x3 i'll be lounging with ll, cooool j i'll be lounging with ll, heyyy heyyy ghetto to ghetto! ghetto to ghetto!