ahhhhhhhhhh i got the magic stick  i know if i can hit once, i can hit twice i'll hit the baddest chicks shorty don't believe me, then call me tonight and i'll show you magic what? what? magic uh-huh, uh-huh i got the magic stick i'm a freak to the core get a dose once, you gon' want some more my tongue touch ya girl, ya toes bound to curl this exclusive stick i don't share with the world, i have you up early in the mornin, moanin back shot, proper or low can't stop us been a fiend for this since rakim made hits get the position down pat, then it's time to switch i'll rock the boat, i'll work the middle i speed it up, straight beat it up .. and i ain't in the hood with my toast out loc'n i'm in the telly workin up a sweat strokin tonight's the night, you can fall in love you can call your mama right now, tell her you met a thug i pop a lot of shit cause i can back it up my left stroke's the death stroke i got the magic clit i know if i get licked once, i can get licked twice i am the baddest chick, shorty you don't believe me, then call me tonight and i'll show you magic what? what? magic, uh-huh, uh-huh i got the magic clit lil' kim not a whore but i sex a nigga so good, he gotta tell his boys when it, come to sex don't test my skills 'cause my head game have you head over heels give a nigga the chills, have him pay my bills buy matchin lambo's with the same color wheels when i ain't out shopping spending dudes c-notes i'm in the crib giving niggas deep throat tonight lil' kim gon' have you in the zone girls, call ya crib, i'm answering the phone guys wanna wife me and give me the ring i'll do it anywhere, anyhow, i'm down for anything couple of humps, give a nigga goosebumps this junk in my trunk ain't made for chumps when lil' kim's around you don't need the lye it's the drugs, baby, i'm makin ya high! chorus 3 50 cent  lil' kim i got the magic stick i know if i can hit once, i can hit twice i am the baddest chickshorty you don't believe me, then call me tonight and i'll show you magic what? what? magic uh-huh, uh-huh i got the magic clit i put your face in it i know you sprung off in your tongue, i know you tastin' it sex ain't a race but i have a thug nigga breakin records and the time is one minute, six seconds magic stick i got the magic box have that ass trickin' after one back shot the gifts, the ice, i like that a lot the minks, the leathers, the cl drop i got the magic stick i know if i can hit once, i can hit twice i'll hit the baddest chicks shorty don't believe me, then call me tonight and i'll show you magic what? what? magic i got the magic stick i know if i get licked once, i can get licked twice i am the baddest chick shorty you don't believe me, then call me tonight and i'll show you magic what? what? magic uh-huh, uh-huh i got the magic stick beat plays out radio host hot 103 double b.u.z you listening to queen bitch radio lil' kim you listening to 103 double b.u.z. and right now we're about to go to the phone lines who do we have on the phone caller 1 yo this kim? lil' kim yo, what's the word, who this? caller 1 what up kim? it's devondre lil' kim what's the word devondre caller 1 what up?, what up?, yo that what's the word joint is crazy lil' kim ha ha, you like that? caller 1 kim i'm feelin' you, i love you i've been listenin' you all these years, everything you do is, oh my god lil' kim thank you caller 1 yo, you, you the shit kim lil' kim ha haaa caller 1 i'm tellin' you them joints is bananas lil' kim thank you caller 1 but yo kim, kim for real lil' kim what's up? caller 1 yo i wrote you these sixteens, some shit i really want you to say lil' kim what? motherfucker you can't be serious, don't you  know i write my  own shit caller 1 yeah but... lil' kim give that shit to foxy, next bitch caller 2 put the phone down, put the phone down lil' kim i can't hear you, hello caller 2 yo, yo, yo kim what up? what's poppin'? it's killa from up north lil' kim ohhh so caller 2 yo what up? lil' kim you callin' yo that's gangsta caller 2 yeah, yeah gangsta lil' kim that's gangsta baby, i like that caller 2 yeah, yo, i'm feelin' you lil' kim killa, ha ha caller 2 word to mothe, yo i'm feelin' you, i been feelin' you lil' kim that's caller 2 nah i mean lil' kim that's real caller 2 the whole queen bee lil' kim ahhh, baby that's caller 2 brooklyn, queen b, killa, killa b lil' kim  caller 2 yo inmate in the background yo, what's up, let me get a shout out caller 2 yo inmate in the background let me get a shout lil' kim yo, who? caller 2 yo chill lil' kim i don't got... inmate in the background let me get a shout out man caller 2 chill inmate in the background let me get a shout out caller 2 yo hold on, yo hold on lil' kim  caller 2 yo son i'ma let you rock son lil' kim who is that in the background caller 2 yo son i'ma let you rock just hold on, just hold on, yeah kim but anyhow lil' kim what's up killa baby? what's the word? caller 2 what's, yo, what, tell me some, can i get a package? lil' kim oh caller 2 somethin' lil' kim oh i got that, you know what caller 2 yea lil' kim as a matter a fact, i'ma send you a kite with my panties attached to it caller 2 ahhhh, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea lil' kim i got'chu caller 2 that's what i mean guy in the background killa, killa, killa lil' kim i got'chu killa caller 2 that's what i mean lil' kim i like that caller 2 yea, yea, hold on inmate in the background lil' kim you real dog caller 2 my, my shit is on fire inmate in the background your cell man, your cell is on fire caller 2 yo what?, yo s.., yo hold this phone for a sec, yo what the fuck, yo y'all niggas knew my is fuckin' killa lil' kim  caller 2 y'all know me man inmate 2 ay yah, ay yo what up mami lil' kim who'd this? inmate 2 it's black lil' kim but, where my nigga? inmate 2 oh, killa  shit caught on fire but don't worry 'bout that, what's goin' on? lil' kim  nothing baby, what's up? inmate 2 what'chu got on? lil' kim what i got on? inmate 2 yeah lil' kim i got on some gucci thongs. but they the edible kind, you know they tatse like twizzlers inmate 2 ahhh shit lil' kim i got on a bra, gucci bra inmate 2 ahhhh lil' kim wit connected at the inmate 2 ahhh, for real lil' kim at the, at the shouldersssss inmate 2 oh shit lil' kim and the nipples is cut out tho inmate 2 oh man lil' kim you know inmate 2 ahhh lil' kim my body is  real oiled up right now inmate 2 ahhhhhh lil' kim wha, what the fu? inmate 2 ah, ahhh lil' kim oh my god, no he didn't. oh my god, it is real up north. yoooo. shout out to all my...up north niggas