do you mind if i tell the truth for a second, yall? maybe i deserve.. to wonder who's calling so damn late for you to say i'm tripping, just a homie from upstate  don't he know its one o' clock in the mornin' you say baby its cool  maybe i deserve.. for you to say he's comin' into town  you was just wondering if you and him can hang out i don't like it, but i know i gotta trust you it ain't cool cause i know it's true maybe i deserve.. for you to go out and find some other guy maybe i deserve.. for you to stay out with him all night maybe i deserve.. for you to do all the things i did to you maybe i deserve.. oh yeah, oh yeah maybe i deserve.. maybe i deserve.. for you to put on a sexy dress for me to ask you who the hell you tryna impress?  for you to laugh it off like it ain't nothin' i know its somethin'  maybe i deserve.. to sit at home and wonder where you are is he kissin' you, touchin' you, holdin' you, what? to take a drink to help ease my mind i wanna be mad  after all those times  maybe i deserve.. for you to go out and find some other guy maybe i deserve.. for you to stay out with him all night maybe i deserve.. for you to do all the things i did to you maybe i deserve.. oh yeah, oh yeah maybe i deserve.. maybe i deserve.. for me to ask you where you've been?  maybe i deserve.. for you to say i better stop trippin' maybe i deserve.. to grab your neck until you let me know maybe i deserve.. for you to run cryin', cryin' out the door maybe i deserve.. to grab my coat, and chase you down the street maybe i deserve.. to say its not you, it's my own insecurities maybe i deserve.. for you to say yes i cheated on you  maybe i deserve.. and i won't care cause after all i put you through maybe i deserve-serve...yeah to be mistreated sometimes maybe i deserve.. to even be, lied to sometimes.. maybe, maybe you should go cheat on me too maybe i should sit and wait by the phone  'cause i've done paged you about three or four times  girl i know, girl i know what i put through baby i put you through hell  and i don't get less  i don't get less  i don't get less see we men can't take another man pleasing our women  we can't even stand waiting by the phone but we do the same shit  i know i deserve it, but right now, i hate you so much right now and i should hate myself, hate myself...