alright, right about no massive and crew you don't know, say jabba pass trough alright now, we have the biggest group singers here right now brand new at the market, listen everybody worldwide get used to that group, yuh, you don't know it's alright now, girls, ayy ooh, move your body, girl , makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go  ooh, move your body, girl , makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl , makes the fellas go  all up in the club looking fly  made your first approach, then caught his eye  slowly moved your way towards the dancefloor  grabbed her hand and she whispered  whole night has gotten through stand behind me, let me rock with you  if i lick my lips, i'm probably feelin' you i'ma make you go, ooh ooh, move your body, girl , makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl , makes the fellas go ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go woah  take it slow , turn me on club gets warmer  body moves closer  one with the rhythm  don't stop moving, you're makin' me hot from head to toe i feel your flow vibes gets stronger  party seems longer  makes me really want ya don't stop movin' , you're making me hot ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go can ya feel the beat?  can ya can ya feel the beat?  can ya feel the beat?  can ya can ya feel the beat?  can ya feel the beat within my heart? can't ya see my love shine through the dark? can ya feel the beat?  can ya feel the beat within my heart? can't ya see my love shine through the dark? can't ya see that you must be a part of that beat in my heart?  slow whine, slow whine, slow whine, slow whine slow whine, slow whine, slow whine, slow whine fast whine, fast whine, fast whine, fast whine move your body, move your body move your body, move your body ooh, move  your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go ooh, move your body, girl, makes the fellas go the way you ride it, girl, makes the fellas go