ice cream man yeah mr. ice cream man ugh , mr. ice cream man before you jump in the game let's get one thing understood if you're sellin' that ice cream you gots to make sure it's good mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  hit the block dressed in white with some baggy girbauds a pocket full of stones, three gs and tryna lose these hoes and the task comin' sick 'cause it's the first of the month fiends on my pager like i'm tryna take these fools to lunch goin' crazy and ghetto's tryna kill me my little homie's lost his life, y'all fools feel me i pack up heat, 'cause i'm paranoid at night time brothas be pullin' jacks, i'm in the hood bustin' gangsta rhymes and still gotta watch my back in the hood, g like spice 1 say, these fools livin' like the movies little kids get 'bout it, i mean my hood is rowdy i'm tryna make a dollar out fifteen cent before i'm up and outtie before you jump in the game  let's get one thing understood if you're sellin' that ice cream you gots to make sure it's good mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man, or call me master p i got it two-for-three, call me if you need some d me and my little brother silkk, we be ballin' got this thang sewed up from texas to new orleans and 'cross the west coast where fools get wicked i'm in the game hella deep tryna to score a meal ticket breakin' fiends off boulders, i mean a-1 soda duckin' the task and tryna hide from the rollers and hangin' with tru soldiers, my tru clique, we true to this true to the g-a-m-e, fool, we ain't new to this in the hood i got ice cream cones and if you fiends want a lick, nothin' for free, that's gon' cost you twenty bones for y'all ballers that want weight, call me on the pager i got half gallons of milk, fool, i got thirty-one flavors mr. i-c-e m-a-n is on the scene you better have my fetti if you don't have my cream mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  before you jump in the game let's get one thing understood if you're sellin' that ice cream you gots to make sure it's good now let's see who owes me cash, i gots to go to the grinds and get mine fools be tryna check it, wreck it, but it's 'bout that time so who owe me? pay me now, don't pay me later, crooked alligators tryna scheme off the top, but they be like playa haters i gots 'em two-for-three, four-for-five, gots them rock but killers, i got two-for-three, four-for-fives on macs and glocks you can come and checks my grip, you can come and checks this but i'm on them triple gold in the nine-skrilla lexus master p in the 500 sel with a triple beam you scream, i scream, but them fiends screamin' for ice cream before you jump in the game  let's get one thing understood if you're sellin' that ice cream you gots to make sure it's good  mr. ice cream man  he's the ice cream man  mr. ice cream man  master p's the ice cream man  y'all fools betta recognize i'm the real ice cream man i'm the ice cream man, mr. ice cream man  master p, or call me the ice cream man