that's just my baby daddy who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  why every time i call it's the same thing? you have to be on the phone with elaine or either shawna, or dawna  when the phone click don't even try girl quit lying girl you must think i'm stupid or either blind girl cuz something ain't right and i'm fixing to go you said y'all broke up a long time ago and who was l.a. sno?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  you said your baby daddy was locked up, but why? the bird say y'all was at the mall  you a liar ok then, what his name?  yesterday you said his name was jay, so it ain't the same it must be your new boyfriend how come your best friend told me the dude's name was ken?  you better get it together, cuz whenever you lie? i'm like mary j., i'm not gon' cry  hey, why don't you get up and get the door?  yo, who that is?  i bet that's just your baby daddy who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  what's up man? you be ready to go?  you know we gotta go to the store now see, that's a perfect example you know you ain't fittin' to go and get no pampers well, while ya at it, get some milk if you don't hurry back, i'mma been done dipped oh baby, you can save the drama cuz i'm feeling going to see my baby mama who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  i'm sick and tired, girl you 'bout to get fired, girl don't even try, girl but i ain't all really polite, girl i'm sick and tired, girl you 'bout to get fired, girl shut up and keep quiet, girl i'm sick and tired of all your lying, girl  i ain't giving you no money, that ain't my baby  that ain't my kid  i got one son  i got a son named chris and that's it  i ain't smell that junk you talk  forget that!  i ain't wit it, i ain't wit it who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  my man agee say hell! ain't your baby daddy l.a. sno! ain't your baby daddy my man it's pressure, ain't your baby daddy uh j.d., he ain't yo baby daddy that's just my baby daddy who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?  who that is?