i don't know, dude i think everybody's all jealous and shit 'cause i'm, like, the lead singer of the band, dude and i think everybody's got a fucking problem with me, dude and they need to take it up with me after the show because these chicks don't even know the name of my band but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands 'cause once i blow, they know that i'll be the man all because i'm the lead singer of my band so i get off stage, right? drop the mic walk up to these hot chicks, and i'm all like sup, ladies? my name's slim shady i'm the lead singer of d12, baby they're all like, oh my god, it's him becky, oh my fucking god, it's eminem i swear to fucking god, dude, you fucking rock please, marshall, please, let me suck your cock now by now, the rest of the fellas get jealous especially when i drop the beat and do my acapellas all the chicks start yelling, all the hot babes throw their bras and their shirts and their panties on stage so, like every single night, they pick a fight with me but when we fight, it's kinda like sibling rivalry 'cause they're back on stage the next night with me dude, i just think they're tryna steal the light from me yesterday, kuniva tried to pull a knife on me 'cause i told him jessica alba's my wife-to-be this rockstar shit is the life for me and all the other guys just despise me because these these chicks don't even know the name of my band but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands 'cause once i blow, they know that i'll be the man all because i'm the lead singer of my band my band, my band my band, my band my band, my band my band, my band my band alright, okay, alright baby, yeah, give me that mic, man okay, dawg, givecome on, man! dude! give me this mic! ow, dude! you just wanna see a nigga backwards, don't you?  adat? how come we don't rap on pro tools?  smash these vocals and do a performance but we in the van  and he in a tour bus  you don't want my autograph, you's a liar and nah, i'm swift,  oh, i thought you were kuniva   and what the hell is wrong with our dressing room? 'cause our shit is looking smaller than a decimal see, i know how to rap  it's simple, but all i did was read a russell simmons book  so i'm more intact, tryna get on the map doing jumping jacks while getting whipped on my back look at em, little punk ass, thinking he the shit yeah, i know, man, by himself, taking all the flicks ayy, i thought we had an interview with dj clue? no, i had an interview, not you two you gon' be late for soundcheck! man, i ain't going to soundcheck and our mics are screwed up! and his always sound best you know what, man? i'ma say somethin' ayo, em! you got somethin' to say?! man, nothin' i thought you was about to tell him off, man, what's up? man, i'ma tell him when i feel like it, man, shut up and you ain't even back me up, and we supposed to be crew man, i was about to talk right after you, i swear aww, man, whatever! i swear, man! these chicks don't even know the name of my band but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands 'cause once i blow, they know that i'll be the man all because i'm the lead singer of my band verse 4 proof  eminem  they say the lead singers rock, but the group does not went from sold-out arenas to amusement parks how i'm gon' let the world know that proof is hot? i should cut his mic off when the music starts  ready to snap on a dumbass fan every time i hear, hey, dude, i love your band! we ain't a band, bitch, we don't play instruments so why he get ninety, and we only get ten percent? and these guys acting funny every area code proof, carry my bag! bitch, carry your own can't make it to the stage, security in my way who the fuck are you? where's obie and dre? goddamnit, i'm sick of this group  time for me to go solo and make some loot  i told you i made the beats and wrote all the raps 'til kon artis slipped me some crack  lose yourself video, i was in the back superman video, uh, i was in the back  for the media, i got some suggestions fuck marshall, ask us some questions like, who is d12? how we get started?  bitch, are you retarded? anyway, i'm the popularest guy in the group big-ass stomach, bitches think i'm cute  50 told me to do sit-ups to get buff did two and a half and couldn't get up fuck d12, i'm out of this band i'm 'bout to start a group with the real roxanne girl, why can't you see you're the only one for me? and it just tears my ass apart to know that you don't know my band man, fuck this these chicks don't even know the name of my band  but they're all on me like they wanna hold hands  'cause once i blow, i know that i'll be the man  all because i'm the new slim my band, my band  my band, my band  my band, my band  my band, my band  my band  yeah, ayo the hardest boy band in the world d12! i'm the lead singer of my band i get all the girls to take off their underpants i'm the lead singer of my band my salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance, my salsa woah-woah, look out for my next single, it's called my salsa my salsa, salsa, salsa, salsa my salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance and take off their underpants my salsa makes all the pretty girls want to dance and take off their underpants, my salsa where'd everybody go?