why am i trapped in a cage?  barber can i get a fade?  teacher teacher check my grades  i grab the mic in a rage you maintain to put a negro in pain you used to diss me you sure you wanna hang with old eddie kane? ain't nuttin wrong, so snap your head to the song word is bond, you get wrong, i'll have you sing like louis armstrong ''and i say to myself, what a wonderful world'' but what the fuck was so wonderful bout picking cotton on a farm?! the harder they come, the harder they fall so come one come all don't stall or i'ma stick you like a voodoo doll doors locked stop draw for the count, who drops? ten-nine-eight-seven-six-five-four-three-two-one you-slept-on-a-kid-from-the-boondocks out of hooterville land of the ill kill bellsburg viking so you know i'm top ranking phil some say newcomer like the yuma but save the rumor 'cause i've been rockin ever since '83 when i used to rock my pumas rap, narcotic psychotic, so hear the statistic one out of ten, i'm passin' the mic next time i'll get wicked heard the man who went before, got intimated you tried to gas me up, too much gas, you got intoxicated you wasn't ready for the real'n, dealin', chillin' wyclef, no competition when i'm bringin' pure death i'm jumpin' like a monkey to get mines off a-from a caterpillar, to the mic moth  teacher teacher check my grades  i coulda sworn i had an a  i grab the mic in a rage you put, one and one together now you think you a rapper baseball cap backward, forearms swingin' like a hip-hopper you do the rhyme, thinkin no one can stop ya i be the followin that chop ya down as i clock ya, hah when i say five-oh, i mean fifty not guns or cops now here's the heavyweight knocker, the freedom fighter natural rhythm rock a mic i always rhyme i'm never drinkin vodka any old style, i throw it in a locker well i'm a cool chief rocka, i never drank no vodka me got no bag of cheeba 'cause i never had a knocker my cousin's name was shaka, for short we called him 'aka i flip it on wack mcs because to me they flow like caca you boogie move the groove, nothing to prove you lose your style remind of yesterday, old news sad sung blues who's, chose the one to feel the pain or bring the cane tick-tock i come to pick your lock, it's not for capital gain so watch out for the remain, or cry from bloodstain bustin nuts, bustin style gettin buckwild some think i'm the descendant of a voodoo child comin on the mic, from a higher level broke is no joke, choke the hell out of the devil  what about martin?  what about malcolm?  rosa parks?  you hung a man after dark  cease the violence!  yo, who got the power, to make a man raise from the dead? some said that it was jesus, they said he was a notty dread but i don't mean to confuse a world that's confused mind's atomic, so like a bomb, let me drop it can't get too deep 'cause some sleep while i wake in a dream that's made of wine but let me bring it back to grapes teacher, explain the parable, it's simple it's easier for the camel to go through the eye of a needle than for you to enter the kingdom, or battle and walk away, with the title when i get brutal feelings are mutual so sign your life, to prudential don't even flinch, the other becomin spiritual there's six million ways to die but choose four 'cause i can still be in the desert buttnaked and be hardcore! when i say checks that means pump your fist remember moses people, this is exodus don't try to stop this, the force comes from genesis them who did us wrong, ask the lord for forgiveness the land that i'm from ain't the land of the dumb we droppin' the bass drum, then we put your heads on a tombstone you cant kill the battle with a horn, blam blam, silly joshua so march to st. lawrence yo, march i got your back, march! crown heights  cease the violence  a moment of silence  for those who died  public enemy  number one  frederick douglass  harriet tubman  aristide  bob marley  praswell  to my man khalid  now, speak of resistance, we're nappy heads  rhymes, kinks, braids and dreads  the mother of creation, epitome of creativity, yeah  and keep your heads nappy