yeah! man, this nigga think we hoes or somethin', my nigga shit, man what the, let me talk to the muh'fucker, nigga how hard we really motherfuckin is in this bitch know what i'm sayin, fucknigga? shit man, ol' punk ass security guards they gon' throw me out the club nigga that don't mean nothin', nigga! i'ma fuck this nigga up, my nigga! shit, lemme show this motherfucker how hard this shit really is so i'm outside of the club and he think i'm a puuuuuuuunk so i go to my loaded tec-9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk i told that motherfucker, i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  let that chopper go plaow, to your melon now the plasma is oozing out of ya cerebellum attenchunnnnn! fucknigga, now you swellin' you ain't talkin hardcore, now is ya, little bitch?! got him runnin scared of a, bigger nigga! cause i put the heat to his, umm, hilfiger! now i'm on that drank and on some of that dank and my pistol's gettin' thirsty, now it needs another drank so i'm outside of the club and he think i'm a puuuuuuuunk so i go to my loaded tec-9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk i told that motherfucker, i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i got a hot 4 fever, call that bitch bonita knock the apple off any bum with a hollow heat seaker red cross bitch niggas, fuck the pint, she take blood by the liter i'll never leave her, my vicious vixen on liquor, send that ass to god quicker no matter yo religion, you muslim, hebrew or a christian she indiscriminate with punishment, she send 'em missin' my gun's my favorite bitch and and she got permanent pms so she stay bitchin! so i'm outside of the club and he think i'm a puuuuuuuunk so i go to my loaded tec-9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk i told that motherfucker, i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  no, i ain't bad, just don't kiss no ass or take shit and i'm a grown man, find you somebody to play with if you don't like me when you see me, better not say shit i'll choke yo ass out like dre did that bitch you better tell these pussies they ain't fucking with no rookie i'm a bankhead nigga, i'll take yo cookies! aye, so don't make it a me or you situation i'll have ya partner down at i.c.u. visitation like, hope for the best, but i don't think he gon' make it not the way he was shiverin and shakin on the pavement i'll tell you what, if you make it, call him grace cause he amazing find out these verses wasn't the only thang blazing and just when you thought that i was done, i was saving the best for last, nigga kiss my ass like della reese, they my folks, it's best you just let 'em be cause i do this shit, pretend, confessions you'll never see, nigga! so i'm outside of the club and he think i'm a puuuuuuuunk so i go to my loaded tec-9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk i told that motherfucker, i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  yeah, nigga! this break 'em off, motherfucker! we the real niggas! all you hating motherfuckers, underachievers step back, ho nigga! listen closely we ain't never scared of none of you niggas! t.i., bone crusher killer mike, this break 'em off, nigga! so i'm outside of the club and he think i'm a puuuuuuuunk so i go to my loaded tec-9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk i told that motherfucker, i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  so i'm outside of the club and he think i'm a puuuuuuuunk so i go to my loaded tec-9 that's off in the truuuuuuuunk i told that motherfucker, i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared  i ain't never scared