me and my crew in a little tour show learned to flip the dough with the money we've got the blocks stay hot, getting knocked it's on till one by one, we were gone subway sparks after dark flash the message something's out there yo john, that was the eighties man this is ninety-nine it's crazy out there flash the message something's out there john fort, uh-huh, uh-huh hey yo, john fort   yo...yo... hustle big, hustle small all y'all relate to it i'm a culture power, baby, when i run right through it what the biz, money? you know john and what it is but then again too many yes-men...  hustle big, hustle small all y'all relate to it i'm a culture power, baby, when i slide right through it what the biz, money? you know john and what it is then again too many yes-men inside the business  we stay grungy risk take on streets like a bungee hoes get nothing from me i'm-a die feeling hungry rappers too complacent i make hits in the basement got all the men on top wondering where they placement if it's real, then it's real and it ain't no replacement them jealous cats who talk need to all walk adjacent i trifold y'all all into a image my mold so i can teach you how to walk, eat, drink, and buy gold my shit is iz-ill wear three condoms out in brazil brothers from the 'ville no fault at the iz-ill wanna have a duke? get real! how you fiz-eel? you couldn't stick me if you brought the chisel what the diz-eal? eat four stars at every miz-eal you kiz-ill the vibe you just high from the twiz-ill and sti-zill i flow riz-ill, leave you fiz-ill and leave y'all all stuck like jack from without the jiz-ill what?   me and my crew in a little tour show learned to flip the door with the money we've got  the blocks stay hot, getting knocked it's on till one by one, we were gone  subway sparks after dark flash the message something's out there   flash the message something's out there i shoot the gift cop find john at the strip spot juggling three who all know to keep their lips locked  i don't get got i told y'all before it's hot fuck the floss i'm the boss when i rock flip-flops  culture hip-hop before i take your head you should skip bop or find us in your homes with the chrome and the shits cocked what? hey y'all pose hard, but they rip up i leave them enemies with their lips shut did what? yo money ease up how you cease us you better off reefin' lighting trees up smoking with your mens fantasizing something swiftly but little did you know i had the whole country with me little do you know little do you know little do you know i got the whole country with me little do you know, huh?   me and my crew in a little tour show  learned to flip the door with the money we've got  the blocks stay hot, getting knocked it's on  till one by one, we were gone  subway sparks after dark flash the message something's out there   flash the message something's out there little do you know little do you know little do you know i got the whole country with me   me and my crew in a little tour show  learned to flip the door with the money we've got  the blocks stay hot, getting knocked it's on till one by one, we were gone  subway sparks after dark flash the message something's out there   flash the message something's out there refugee camp all-stars dirty cash, c.o., wyclef jean nutzbaby, nutzbaby john fort, where you at baby? come on