ooh, girl, oh, girl no more, no more bounce, baby, bounce, baby you can move, uh check it out baby, relax, sit back and chill  just give me a second and let me tell you how i feel 'cause all around town you've been steppin' out runnin' your mouth about what made you think i wouldn't find out? wasn't i there for you? truly cared for you maybe my love was just too good could've had it good, now the love is gone and went back to your hood with the 5411's on does he lace you with the finer things?  does he make you wanna scream his name? does he hit it from the front to back? did you let him break it down like that? should've told me the love was gone  never thought that you'd do me wrong  girl, i thought that your love was strong 'til i saw you in another man's arms no more shopping sprees no more late night creeps  no more vip, no more dough we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps  no more vip, no more dough we can't even kick it no more i saw you on the ave' and i laughed in the backseat, be spilling henney in his lap thought it was me that you was all about but i'm havin' doubts 'cause i see you tryna play me out but when the brother called the crib with beef didn't i represent you when i caught him in the streets? so let me get the keys to lex and no more checks and no more hangin' baguettes around your neck, babe does he lace you with the finer things?  does he make you wanna scream his name?  does he hit it from the front to back?  did you let him break it down like that?  should've told me the love was gone never thought that you'd do me wrong girl, i thought that your love was strong  'til i saw you in another man's arms  no more shopping sprees no more late night creeps no more vip, no more dough we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees   no more late night creeps   no more vip, no more dough we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps  no more vip, no more dough  we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps  no more vip, no more dough we can't even kick it no more  i wanna know yeah, ooh yeah, ooh, baby we can't even kick it, baby i wanna know no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps  no more vip, no more dough  we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps   no more vip, no more dough  we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps  no more vip, no more dough  we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees   no more late night creeps   no more vip, no more dough  we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps no more vip, no more dough  we can't even kick it no more  no more shopping sprees  no more late night creeps  no more vip, no more dough we can't even kick it no more