oh!  oh!  oh!  come on  oh!  this one is the hot one!  ayo!  homeboy, i came to party  your girl was looking at me  she's a haggler, naw, i'm not tagging her  but you don't want them boys to come over and start asking ya  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do, nigga?  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do?  yo, yo, yo... yo, n-o-r papi, say what? that nigga's the man with his manager chris and the label that jams still flossing, showing your rocks ain't you dudes heard grimey, man? we stoled your watch it goes indian style, knees bent in dashiki strapped with the baby tec, baby tec, bt true, she at the bar, looking good in the brown dress ordered six shots, and them things ain't around yet persona all thugged out, loud and clear saying fuck the straight henny, just grab me a beer you see i'm replying now and my mami's i got a weapon now shoot at them clowns at they feet, they high stepping now left that wack label 'cause i don't like pricks i'm like a hammer that you hold in your hand, i make hits at the white boy club while i'm buyin' the bar they like, hey now, you're an all star!  it go homeboy, i came to party  your girl was looking at me  she's a haggler, naw, i'm not tagging her  but you don't want them boys to come over and start asking ya  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do, nigga?  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do?  i spit mac millimeter rhymes, kill a liter in line my nigga peter got a heater of mines niggas still lying in they wack ass bars only time they seen jail, when they watchin 'oz' i'm in the club pissy drunk like, ahhhdadidaaaaa!!!!!! and mami took it proper like, dadadidaaaaa!!!!!! adios, kill your soul, then we body your ghost they call me gordo, i sip the champagne that's importo playing capicu  i like when chocha be nappy too i treat life like a fast car, lower my speed i try and chill, and sell more records than creed been a hustler,  way before 'melvin flynt' a criminal, don't leave no prints these dudes gave me a brick and they ain't seen me since caught up wit 'em, had them dudes straight hopping the fence, it go homeboy, i came to party  your girl was looking at me  she's a haggler, naw, i'm not tagging her  but you don't want them boys to come over and start asking ya  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do, nigga?  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do?  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  yo, yo, yo... yo, oops, i done done it again, i got another one i keep it hid in my pocket, i got another one 'fast and furious,' dunn dunn dunn tudunn still be inmiami and jet skiing in the ocean, where the sharks be at, just o.d.'n adebisi, want a brick? you pay double, easy i got them things that'll move easy and i told the lawyer, i sold blow to old goya i'm half-spanish, you see i cook coke for goya i'm half-spanish, all day arroz con polla recognize, when i'm runnin' the game before me  chickens wasn't even messin' with brain because me  now you started gettin' head on the westside highway so recognize, my nigga, you did it my way ice rockin', brick chopping, and gun shoppin' i did it all, beat cases without cochran homeboy, i came to party  your girl was looking at me  she's a haggler, naw, i'm not tagging her  but you don't want them boys to come over and start asking ya  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do, nigga?  what you wanna do, nigga?  what you tryna do?  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la  la la la la la la la la la