peace, to a man name heavy d yo hev, this is latifah you are the biggest, cutest sweetie pie i ever knew that's why i like you not to mention, you got class, you got skills you got.. i-i could say so many things about you but, yo i love you cause you're real know what i'm sayin? you special yo, yo.. waddup! this q-tip, yanahmsayin? yo my man hev, yanahmsayin... the nigga got maaaaaad maaad mad love, yanahmsayin he, he just, he's just the ... man t-th-th-the-the-the, heh, the dum diddley yanahmsayin, that's from my ... man hev d aiyyo, check this out this the man that's  kool g rap full ... in effizneck, yaknahwhamsayin? and i feel my man heavy d as one of the most top dog record label ... in the business younahmsayin? straight from down, mr. big stuff on out to bag of , younahmsayin? word up, on the realz-nil, peace! yo b...  i'm on, b?  aiyyo hev man, wassup man, this is l, man just wanna drop a line on you baby i know it's like the, y'know, like the line-droppin days so i just wanna drop the line on you but you know i'ma have this here barbeque and you know i wouldn't let you miss that, b ha! so my man.. umm, hit me on the hip yo, and uh... i'll catch you when i catch yo, b peace! yeah, the one thing i like about heavy d is that uh, he keeps it real, you know he gave me some advice when i started and i think, um.. that's one of the reasons i guess i'm positive k right about now yo.. what i like about my cuzzy cuz, heavster is that he's the dopest, cleanest cut, big boy rapper and another thing i like.. about my cousin, heavy d is he lets me come over his house, and raid his kitchen raid the refrigerator and i ain't gotta clean up behind myself, man this is p-r  chillin, peace yo, waddup, this is martin lawrence, to my man heavy d undoubtably, one of the best rappers in the game also one of the thickest brothers in the game yo, and if you ever had his momma's jerk chicken you'll know why the man goes diddley-diddley-diddley d yo hev, nuttin' but love, boyee! peace! yo waddup, this is little shawn, yaknowhati'msayin hev is the man regardless of anything because he does what he feels, yaknowhati'msayin, from the heart he's a good brother, and he always let you know what's on his mind yaknowhati'msayin, like all these people perpetratin gangsta hev ain't on it like that, he's a real brother peace!  ...as a matter of fact from 1986, y'know, we came out together, so.. i think uh, heavy d is kinda large yo hev, represent waddup, this is treach in the house i like to comment, on my man heavy d as a person, he's one of the coolest.. people you'd even wanna get to know youknowmsayin, every time heavy d comes out it's a whole different level, he never stays on one side he's one of the most unpredictable emcees, in hip-hop history that has been, underrated in my opinion but has more street respect than a lot of the hardcore rappers that's out there right now we love you from naughty, heavy, and we out yea.. one big reespek goes out to heavy d ev'ry time, comin from buju banton cuh i say heavy d, heavy d heavy d original, heavy d... mash up an' time heavy d pon di dancehall it's just murdah man a slip and man a slide, watch di tide wassup wassaaaaahhhup! this is mc lyte right about now here to definitely uh, congratulate mr. heavy d you've done it, uh, once again and again and you continue to do it so well uh, the reasons why i like heavy d is he's like one of those types if rappers that you can listen to in front of your mother and um.. even better than that, your mother'll wanna listen to him so that's grand when you're listenin to heavy d hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello hello wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup wassup this is spike lee, talkin to you from crooklyn crooklyn crooklyn - ahhhhhhhhhh... crooklyn, new york and with a eaaaaaarly morning shout-out to my main main main main main man man man man man heavy, dee dee dee dee d...d-d-d-d-d-d hoping that this album, is as fat, as yourself no pun intended so... let's go!