now, in my younger days, i used to sport a shag when i went to school, i'd carry lunch in a bag with a apple for my teacher 'cause i knew i'd get a kiss always got mad when the class was dismissed but when it was in session, i always had a question i would raise my hand, to make her stand, come to my desk, and help me with my problem, it was never much just a trick to smell her scent and try to sneak a touch oh, how i wish i could hold her hand and give her a hug she was married to the man, he was a thug his name was lee, he drove a z he'd pick her up from school promptly at three o'clock i was on her jock, yes, indeedy, i wrote graffiti on the bus first, i'd write her name, then carve a plus with my name last, on the looking glass i seen her yesterday, but still, i had to let her pass chorus fatlip, slimkid3  whodini  she keeps on passin' me by!  she keeps on passin' me by!  she keeps on passin' me by!   she keeps on pass when i dream of fairy tales, i think of me and shelly see, she's my type of hype, and i can't stand when brothers tell me that i should quit chasin' and look for something better but the smile that she shows makes me a go-getter i haven't gone as far as asking if i could get with her i just play love by the ear and hope she gets the picture i'm shooting for her heart, got my finger on the trigger she could be my broad, and i could be her  all i could do was stare back as kids, we used to kiss when we played truth or dare now she's more sophisticated, highly edu-ma-cated not at all overrated, i think i need a prayer to get in her book, and it looks rather dry i guess a twinkle in her eye is just a twinkle in her eye although she's crazy stepping, i'll try and stop the stride 'cause i won't have no more of this passin' me by time for me to voice my opinion, can't be pretending she didn't have me sprung like a chicken, chasing my tail like a doggie she was kind of like a star, thinking i was like a fan damn, she looked good, downside, she had a man he was a rooty-toot, a nincompoop she told me soon your little birdie's gonna fly the coop she was a flake like corn, and i was born not to understand by letting her pass, i'd prove to be a better man chorus fatlip, slimkid3  whodini  she keeps on passin' me by!  she keeps on passin' me by!  she keeps on passin' me by!   she keeps on passin' me now there she goes again, the dopest ethiopian and now the world around me begins moving in slow motion when ever she happens to walk by, why does the apple of my eye overlook and disregard my feelings no matter how much i try? wait, no, i did not really pursue my little princess with persistence and i was so low-key that she was unaware of my existence from a distance, i desired her, secretly admired her wired her a letter, to get her, and it went my dear, my dear, my dear you do not know me, but i know you very well now let me tell you 'bout the feelings i feel for you when i try or make some sort of attempt, i simp damn, i wish i wasn't such a wimp 'cause then i would let you know that i love you so and if i was your man, then i would be true the only lying i would do is in the bed with you then i signed sincerely the one who loves you dearly p.s. love me tender but the letter came back three days later return to sender damn... chorus fatlip  whodini  she keeps on passin' me by! she keeps on passin' me by!  she keeps on passin' me by!  she keeps on passin' me by!  she keeps on pass but nevertheless, i'll say it again  but nevertheless, i'll say it again  but nevertheless  but nevertheless  but nevertheless, i'll say it again she keeps passin' me by she keeps passin' me by  she keeps passin' me by she keeps passin' me by  she keeps passin' me by she keeps passin' me by  she keeps passin' me by she keeps passin' me by