come, mr. dj, song pon de replay come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? come, mr. dj, song pon de replay come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? it goes one by one, even two by two everybody on the floor, let me show you how we do let's go, dip it low, then you bring it up slow wind it up one time, wind it back once more come, run , run , everybody move  lemme see you move, and rock it 'til the groove  shake it 'til the moon becomes the sun  everybody in the club, give me a run  if you ready to move, say it  one time for your mind, say it  well, i'm ready for ya, come, let me show ya you want to groove, i'ma show you how to move come come, mr. dj, song pon de replay come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? come, mr. dj, song pon de replay come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? hey, mister please, mr. dj tell me if you hear me turn the music up  hey, mister please, mr. dj tell me if you hear me turn the music up it goes one by one, even two by two everybody in the club gon' be rockin' when i'm through let the bass from the speakers run through ya sneakers move both ya feet and run to the beat come, run , run , everybody move  lemme see you move and rock it 'til the groove  shake it 'til the moon becomes the sun  everybody in the club give me a run  if you ready to move, say it  one time for your mind, say it  well, i'm ready for ya, come, let me show ya you want to groove, i'ma show you how to move come, mr. dj, song pon de replay come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? come, mr. dj, song pon de replay come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? hey, mister  please, mr. dj tell me if you hear me turn the music up  hey, mister  please, mr. dj tell me if you hear me turn the music up  okay, everybody get down if you feel me put your hands up to the ceiling everybody get down if you feel me come and put your hands up to the ceiling everybody get down if you feel me put your hands up to the ceiling everybody get down if you feel me come and put your hands up to the ceiling come, mr. dj, song pon de replay  come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what  come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? come, mr. dj, song pon de replay  hey, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up? all the gyal pon the dancefloor wantin' some more what come, mr. dj, won't you turn the music up?