dirty pop  sick and tired of hearin' all these people talk about what's the deal with this pop life? and when is it gonna fade out? the thing you got to realize what we're doin' is not a trend we got the gift of melody we're gonna bring it 'til the end come on now it doesn't matter 'bout the car i drive or what i wear around my neck all that matters is that you recognize that it's just about respect it doesn't matter 'bout the clothes i wear, and where i go, and why all that matters is that you get hyped and we'll do it to you every time come on now do you ever wonder why this music gets you high? it takes you on a ride feel it when your body starts to rock  baby, you can't stop  and the music's all you got   pop dirty pop b-baby, baby, you can't stop i know you like this dirty pop   now, why you wanna try to classify the type of thing that we do? 'cause we're just fine doin' what we like can we say the same for you? tired of feelin' all around me animosity just worry about yours 'cause i'ma get mine now people, can't you see? it doesn't matter 'bout the car i drive or the ice around my neck all that matters is that you recognize that it's just about respect, oh it doesn't matter 'bout the clothes i wear, and where i go, and why all that matters is that you get hyped and we'll do it to you every time c'mon do you ever wonder why  this music gets you high?  it takes you on a ride feel it when your  body starts to rock  baby, you can't stop  and the music's all you got   ooh man, i'm tired of singin' dirty, dirty, dirty pop dirty pop do you ever wonder, wonder, wonder, won-?   do you ever wonder why  this music gets you high?  it takes you on a ride feel it when your  body starts to rock  baby, you can't stop  and the music's all you got   do you ever wonder why  this music gets you high?  it takes you on a ride feel it when your  body starts to rock  baby, you can't stop and the music's all you got  do you ever wonder why  this music gets you high?  it takes you on a ride feel it when your  body starts to rock  baby, you can't stop  and the music's all you got   pop pop