pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump give me the girls with the pumps and a bump!  just when i thought that i hit another soft slump up jumps the skippety with the pumps and a bump all stiggity stiggity curves, getting on my good nerves looking like ice cream, ready to be served stretch, bend it, can i get in it if you wanna kick it with a g, baby, splendid! 'cause i come equipped, read my lips baby, you can slippity slip out your clothes and take a trip! pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump give me the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump, now many say a big rump but if you're hip, you know that it's a full trunk it's making the brothers go crazy in the '93 shaped like an hourglass fine as wine, g so when i see i gotta step  never been a coward  just step right up to the girl with the big fat hell of a rump, yo, the pumps and a bump, uh! all that we want for the rest of our life is a girl thick and tight  all that we want is man who is right who can hit it all night! we gotta bump the pumps! pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump , pumps and a bump  we like the girls with the pumps and a bump!  pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump give me the girls with the pumps and a bump!  i don't like 'em figgity fat! , i like 'em stiggity stacked  you wiggity wiggity wack if you ain't got biggity back  now when you see the rump shakin' on the dance floor you following with your eyes and get hypnotized but a brother like me will dance with her, took 'em, charmin' and chillin' i squeeze the charmin and she won't find it alarmin' i put my fingerprints all over that rump i'm guilty as hell but i love the pumps and the bump!  pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump we like the girls with the pumps and a bump! pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump we like the girls with the pumps and a bump! pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump we like the girls with the pumps and a bump! pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump we like the girls with the pumps and a bump! all that we want for the rest of our life is a girl thick and tight  all that we want is man who is right who can hit it all night! we gotta bump the pumps! pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump we like the girls with the pumps and a bump! pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump we like the girls with the pumps and a bump! pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump we like the girls with the pumps and a bump! pumps and a bump, pumps and a bump give me the girls with the pumps and a bump! bring the pumps and flex the rump so i can ride bring the pumps, baby step on, baby bring the pumps, baby step on, baby