uh yo, yo, yo, yo i've been to many places i've seen so many faces but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills i've climbed the highest mountain once or twice, but who's countin'? but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills cool, calm, just like my mom with a couple of lawsuits inside her palm it's mr. mischief with a trick up his sleeve to roll up on you like christopher reeves i can't describe the vibe i get when i drive by six people and five i hit  aw shit, i started a mosh pit squashed a chick and lost her foster kids this room makes me hallucinate then i sweat 'til i start losin' weight 'til i see dumb shit start happenin' dumber than vanilla ice tryna rap again so bounce, bounce! come on, bounce! i said come on bounce! everybody in the house doin' mass amounts  to the women in the thongs with their asses out  we don't bullshit, better ask around d12 throws the bombest bash in town bizarre, your mom is crashin' out help me get her on the couch 'fore she passes out  bump that, someone help denaun he's upstairs wrestlin' with elton john hey von, you see me steppin' on these leprechauns? they gotta be tums, the ex-lax is gone yeah, i took 'em all, dawg, with some parmesan and i think my arm is gone  no, it's probably numb young, dumb and full of cum and i think he 'bout to swallow his tongue scary-ass, it was a false alarm you think i'm 'bout to die when i just got on? well, stop actin' stupid you so high that you might wake up with a guy on some new shit yeah, i think i did too much  i think i got the runs  rolaids, pepto, and tums watch out, here it comes!  i've been to many places i've seen so many faces but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills i've climbed the highest mountain once or twice, but who's countin'? but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills dirty dozen, eighty of us shady brothers, ladies love us that's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other they probably wanna take each other out and date each other some, some, some somethin'... i don't know hop hills, hills i hop hop two hills, on stilts i walk snort two lines that were filled with chalk thought i was incredible and killed the hulk i wanna roll away like a rollerblade until my eyes roll back in my skull for days and when i'm old and gray, yo, i'ma go for broke? no? okey-doke, i'm packin' my nose with soap  am i supposed to choke? had an accident when the trojan broke ah, poor baby, born by a whore lady now i'm payin' child support?  i take four shots at one time and i don't need to chase when i'm swallowin' mine  in bizarre's hatch back we can't go far, 'cause the car has flats why the hell you people think i rap? because my mother taught me how to breach contracts and if you got cash, then hide it so  i'm just tryna get by like you and i don't give a damn if you find me rude  mean, crude, to hell with you too  i only need three blunts and i'm cool i just got some and i'm goin' back soon i've been to many places i've seen so many faces but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills i've climbed the highest mountain once or twice, but who's countin'? but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills i'm at a rave, lookin' at a babe like she want it gin and tonic demonic body smell like vomit looney, crazy, jumpy, sexy dopey-headed guy whipped cream, dirty mattresses wanna try?  blue hills, golden seals got bizarre actin' ill drugs kill   yeah, right!  chick, i'm for real! shut yo' mouth, you dirty girl you know you want me in your world ladies, please don't fight bizarre's here all night! i've been to many places i've seen so many faces but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills i've climbed the highest mountain once or twice, but who's countin'? but nothin' compares to these blue and yellow purple hills dirty dozen, eighty of us shady brothers, ladies love us that's why our baby mothers love us but they hate each other they probably wanna take each other out and date each other some, some, some somethin'... i don't know