mmmmmmmm  where they at? where they at? where they at? where they at? where they at? where they at? where they at? come on now if you wanna go and take a ride with me you're three-wheeling in the fo' with the gold d's oh, why do i live this-a-way?  if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benz-e oh, why must i feel this-a-way?  in the club on a late night, feeling right, lookin', tryna spot somethin' real nice looking for a little shawty i noticed, so that i can take her home  she can be eighteen, eighteen with a attitude, or nineteen, kinda snotty, actin' real rude boo, as long as you a thicky, thicky, thick girl, you know that it's on  i peep somethin' coming towards me on the dance floor, sexy and real slow  sayin' she be peepin' and, i dig the last video, somewhere, nelly, can we go? how could i tell her no? her measurements was 36-25-34  i like the way you brush your hair and i like those stylish clothes you wear i like the way the light hit the ice and glare and i can see you groovin' way over there  if you wanna go and take a ride with me you're three-wheeling in the fo' with the gold d's oh, why do i live this-a-way?  if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benz-e oh, why must i feel this-a-way?  mama poppin', face and body frontenac, don't know how to act without no vouchers on her boots, she's bringin' nothin' back you should feel the impact, shoppin' with plastic when the sky's the limit and them haters can't get past that watch me as i gas that four dot six range watch the candy paint change every time i switch lanes it feel strange now makin' a livin' off my brain instead of 'caine now i got the title from my mama put the whip in my own name now damn, shit done changed now runnin' credit checks with no shame now i feel the fame now , i can't complain now  shit, i'm the man now, in and out my own town i'm gettin' pages outta new jersey from courtney b tellin' me about a party up in nyc and can i make it? damn right, i be on the next flight payin' cash, first class, sitting next to vanna white  if you wanna go and take a ride with me you're 3-wheeling in the fo' with the gold d's oh, why do i live this way?  if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benz-e oh, why must i feel this way?  if you wanna go and take a ride with me you're 3-wheeling in the fo' with the gold d's oh, why do i live this way?  if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benz-e oh, why must i feel this way?  check, check, yo i know somethin' you don't know and i've got somethin' to tell ya you wont believe how many people straight doubted the flow most said that i was a failure but now the same motherfuckers asking me for dough and i'm yellin', i can't help ya but, nelly, can we get tickets to the next show? hell nah , you for real? ayo, now that i'm a fly guy and i fly high niggas wanna know why , why i fly by but yo, it's all good, range rover, all wood do me like you should, fuck me good, suck me good we be them stud niggas, wishing you us niggas poppin' like we drug dealers, sippin' crissy, bub', mackin' honey in the club, me in the benz icy cris', telling me to leave with you and your friends so if shawty wanna knock, we knockin' to this and if shawty wanna rock, we rockin' to this and if shawty wanna pop, we popping the crist' shawty wanna see the ice, then i ice the wrist city talk, nelly listen, nelly talk, city listen when i fuck fly bitches, when i walk, pay attention see the ice and the gliss', niggas starin', know they diss honeys look, know they wish come on, boo, gimme kiss  if you wanna go and take a ride with me you're 3-wheeling in the fo' with the gold d's oh, why do i live this way?  if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benz-e oh, why must i feel this way?  if you wanna go and take a ride with me you're 3-wheeling in the fo' with the gold d's oh, why do i live this way?  if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benz-e oh, why must i feel this way?  hey, must be the money hey, must be the money hey, must be the money must be the money if you wanna go and take a ride with me you're 3-wheeling in the fo' with the gold d's oh, why do i live this way?  if you wanna go and get high with me smoke a l in the back of the benz-e oh, why must i feel this way?