say my name, say my name if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you if you ain't runnin' game say my name, say my name you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby why the sudden change? say my name, say my name if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you if you ain't runnin' game say my name, say my name you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby better say my name any other day i would call, you would say baby, how's your day? but today, it ain't the same every other word is uh-huh, yeah, okay could it be that you are at the crib with another lady? if you took it there, first of all, let me say i am not the one to sit around and be played so prove yourself to me if i'm the girl that you claim why don't you say the things that you said to me yesterday? i know you say that i am assuming things something's goin' down, that's the way it seems shouldn't be no reason why you're actin' strange if nobody's holdin' you back from me 'cause i know how you usually do where you're sayin' everything to me times two why can't you just tell the truth? if somebody's there then tell me who say my name, say my name  if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game say my name, say my name  you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby  why the sudden change? say my name, say my name if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game  say my name, say my name you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby better say my name what is up with this? tell the truth, who you with? how would you like it if i came over with my clique? don't try to change it now sayin' you gotta bounce when two seconds ago said you just got in the house it's hard to believe that you are at home by yourself when i just heard the voice, heard the voice of someone else just this question, why do you feel you gotta lie? gettin' caught up in your game when you cannot say my name i know you say that i am assuming things something's goin' down, that's the way it seems shouldn't be no reason why you're actin' strange if nobody's holdin' you back from me 'cause i know how you usually do where you're sayin' everything to me times two why can't you just tell the truth? if somebody's there then tell me who say my name, say my name  if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game say my name, say my name  you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby  why the sudden change?  say my name, say my name  if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game  say my name, say my name you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby  better say my name oh, yeah  ye-yeah, ye-yeah, yeah  ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah  ye-yeah, ye-yeah  ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah  ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah  ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah, ye-yeah ye-yeah, ye-yeah  oh, woah, woah   i know you say that i am assuming things something's goin' down, that's the way it seems shouldn't be no reason why you're actin' strange if nobody's holdin' you back from me 'cause i know how you usually do where you're sayin' everything to me times two why can't you just tell the truth? if somebody's there then tell me who say my name, say my name if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game  say my name, say my name  you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby  why the sudden change? say my name, say my name if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game  say my name, say my name  you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby  better say my name say my name, say my name if no one is around you, say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game say my name, say my name  you actin' kinda shady, ain't callin' me baby  why the sudden change?  say my name, say my name  if no one is around you  say, baby, i love you  if you ain't runnin' game  say my name, say my name  you actin' kinda shady  ain't callin' me baby  better say my name thou shalt know she can't love you