we gon' let the band deal with this ha-ha, mhm m-i-a style, old school, uh-huh okay, shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay , what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up riding round in my brand-new '99 four-door volvo i got a pocket full of bs, cocoa weed and ain't got no place to go, though but all my boca boys, they know dough that's fo' sho', though  hell nah, ho, you know they polo i been used again, accused again this time, been wrong to chop something done by one of my usual friends soon as they seen the benz, hatin' season was in hell, 'cause they figured me for not understanding they reason being heh, but i'm the man for this while y'all was doing fine, i was doing time, just praying for this locked up, making plans for this without all that fancy shit, way too advanced for this just polo socks, tank tops, and drawers up under my pants and shit shut up! uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up okay, who's the baddest bitch? i been real, been rich, been had this shit big benz, big house and shit that's right, okay, i been down with trick okay, it make sense to me 'cause if your money ain't right, you speaking french to me miss trina, don't play with me or you can say miss bigg, that's okay with me you need a grand just to speak to me okay, are you sure you wanna sleep with me? okay, you better be fo' sho' 'cause i done left niggas like you stuck before okay, you can ball with me since you got a hot knot, spend it all with me okay, y'all know what's up okay, uh-huh, i ride, shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up this goes out to my niggeroes and them pretty ass jazzy hoes, bitch, what's up? co got a verse in the book of thugs  so when i come through, bitch, show me love  if you 'bout that flow, then raise it up you got that funk? then blaze it up i got two mores of them phat hoes late night, and i'm ready to bust are you okay? look like you got a lot to say okay, come with it niggas keep hiding your hoes, what you do that for? me and money mark been done hit it, been done split it okay, playboy? fuck you say, boy? don't even much bring your ho 'round c nigga, y'all better quit fucking with me, shut up! uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up lay down, playboy, what's up?  what about the slugs in your head and your gut? what's up with the keys to the truck? your own nigga say you got b's in the cut what's up with the safe? what the combo? open that shit, nigga, fuck all the convo-sation what's up with your haitian? probably got birds at the safehouse, waiting what's up? where you store the d? i ain't found shit but a quarter-ki nigga, you better not be playing me you gon' bleed to death, you understand me? what's up? you ready to go? you ready to tongue-kiss with the blue fo'-fo'? what's up, fuck nigga? say something set your crime, we ready to spray something gunplay, how i got the stripes  2-4-k turned out the lights  gunplay, how i got the stripes  2-4-k turned out the lights  uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up uh-huh, okay, what's up? shut up