slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me  slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me i'm a dick thrower, her neck and her back hurting cut throater, have you like a brand new virgin it's like when you get used of it then you start serving hop up on top and start jicky-jicky-jerking slow down for me, a-you moving too fast my fingers keep slipping, i'm tryna grip that ass keep being hard-headed and i'ma make you get off me got human enough disguise but my face is a doggy if you loving my bark, let me bury my bone i got four or five bad married bitches at home one of my bitches feel in love with that outside dick that outside dick keep them hoes sick like ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me it's like i got the world in my palms your girl up under my arms, she fucked up from the charm she love the way the dick stay hard from 12 'til early in the morn' fine bitches if you listening, you heard me, i'm strong if you going through your cycle, i ain't with it, i'm gone you must have heard about them hoes that i beat up in my home they wasn't telling the truth, baby, you know they was wrong now, make it official, wind up some of that dome i don't mind buying blue, your riding to don't be asking nigga questions about where i'm driving you lil mama my shit together, i ain't jiving you i don't think that nigga could do you better then i could do, ya know and juvenile from cross the street by the derby same nigga that used to be running with rusty and kirby can a playa from the 'nolia get a chance with it? but i can't bounce with you without using my hands with it ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me slow motion, she open, i'm hoping she don't leave my dick broken with brush burns and swollen i'm toting, she wanted me to make her out a believer i gurantee ya i'ma see ya when i see ya and just don't holla out my name like we was all that your pussy throw back and you know that so stop stunting, slow motion for a real nigga i'm going off that incredible potion and i'ma deal with ya i like how that victoria secret sit in that ass let me pour some more hip and hennsey in your glass would i be violating if i grab me a handful? i know what's happening, all i want is a sample who you with? i'm in the rental today it's going down and happening and i remember the way less money we spend on bullshit, the more for the weed what's it gonna take for you to come slow motion with me? like ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me ughh! i like it like that she working that back, i don't know how to act slow motion for me, slow motion for me slow motion for me, move in slow motion for me