chorus sleepy brown  rico wade  ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean don't you think i'm so sexy? i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean i love when you stare at me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean sir lucious gots gator belts and patty melts and monte carlos and el dorados so i'm waking up out of my slumber, feeling like rollo so follow  it's showtime at the apollo, minus the kiki shepards what about a ho in a leopard-print? ah teddy pendergrass, cooler than freddie jackson sipping a milkshake in a snowstorm left her throat warm, in the dorm room at the au we blew hay too, athletes might cake you but you must have me mistaken with them statements that you make 'cause chorus sleepy brown  rico wade  ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean don't you think i'm so sexy? i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean i love when you stare at me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean canary yellow seven-nine seville is on display my nigga bongo hooked it up, omar gon' dip my rims today so a nigga can ride out to the honeycomb hideout i'ma show you how to wild out like jack tripper let me be bambino on your snipper ykk on your zipper, lick you like a lizard when i'm slizzered or sober, six million ways to fold ya like noah's, i get two's of youse and you get pretty 'd' but i'll call yo' ass 'round eight-ish, i know you'll be there for me, girl chorus sleepy brown  rico wade  ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean don't you think i'm so sexy? i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean i love when you stare at me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean those huge baby eyes get to runnin' off at they mouth and tellin' me everything that's on your nasty mind they say you're malnutritioned, in need of vitamin d and invitin' me to that tingle in your spine i love who you are, love who you ain't  you're so anne frank let's hit the attic to hide out for 'bout two weeks rick james'n, no chains and whips i do suck lips, 'til hips jerk, in double-time the boy next door's a freak, ha-ha! chorus sleepy brown  rico wade  ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean don't you think i'm so sexy? i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean i love when you stare at me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean and we are... the coolest motherfunkers on the planet and my, my... the sky is fallin', ain't no need to panic but ooh, ooh... i got a stick and want yo' automatic ooh, ooh, ooh... compatible, created in the attic and we are... the coolest motherfunkers on the planet and my my... the sky is fallin', ain't no need to panic but ooh, ooh... i got a stick and want yo' automatic ooh, ooh, ooh... compatible, created in the attic chorus sleepy brown  rico wade  ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean don't you think i'm so sexy? i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean i love when you stare at me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean don't you think i'm so sexy? i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean ain't nobody dope as me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean i love when you stare at me i'm just so fresh, so clean so fresh and so clean, clean