oh-oooh-oh you so fly, lady you look so fly so cool tell me girl, can i talk to you? i'm only in town for one night let me know if you down to ride so fly, so cool tell me girl, can i talk to you? i'm only in town for one night let me know if you down to ride if you think you're lonely now just wait until tonight girl i know, i been on the road and away from home but i been fiendin' for you dreaming of you and what i'm gonna do when i have you alone you heard the message on your cellphone, he sayin' daddy's home i'm about to put it down, got you runnin' around half-naked around the house and this isn't just fast sex we makin' love until we both climax i know you miss me i can tell by the way you kiss me there's no other place you rather be but here in ecstacy with me im that someone who's gonna love you right even if i'm home for just one night you know it's alright it's me and you, zig zag and mary jane your lovin's got me never wanting to leave, again you look so fly so cool tell me girl, can i talk to you? i'm only in town for one night let me know if you down to ride so fly, so cool tell me girl, can i talk to you? i'm only in town for one night let me know if you down to ride the way you move that body twist those hips i just wanna know, can i tell you this that you're the type of girl i wanna roll with me tonight i'm at the double tree, i got an early flight but nothin' could be better than to kick it with you i'm talkin' more than a one-night rendez-vous you can call it what you want, but i'm a treat you right it's like a fantasy, girl, close your eyes take my time when i touch that body get you so hot you wanna top naughty oooh suga suga how you'd get so fly i'm down for yours, if you down for mine uh mamacita, chula sexy chica meet me in the room, i'm in 602 cause all i wanna do is have a party for two baby girl, tonight, it's me and you whoo! the way you movin' that body and twistin' those hips working those eyes and licking those lips oh, my  so fly  the way you movin' that body and twistin' those hips working those eyes and licking those lips oh, my  so fly  tell me somethin' girl tell me somethin' girl you down to make it hot it's that freaky-deeky rider sexin' you, non-stop love the way i touch you, i'm breakin' you down you say you shouldn't do this you still goin' down now we on the floor you moan and you groan holding me so tight telling me, you want more? i see you feeling freaky, we're on another level got me serving you now on a dinner table how do you want it? how does it feel? the way you lick your lips, girl, you know i'm diggin' this your body keeps calling, no temperature's falling the heat keeps rising, got you mesmerizin' tonight's the night we'll remember, forever if i'm ever in your spot, i know you're down for whatever you look so fly so cool tell me girl, can i talk to you? i'm only in town for one night let me know if you down to ride so fly, so cool tell me girl, can i talk to you? i'm only in town for one night let me know if you down to ride