lately, i've been thinkin' that you don't feel the same  i don't know what it is all i know is that you changed 'cause we used to be so tight, never apart and now it seems that you only want to break my heart oh yeah and i don't know what i've done to make you feel this way one minute, you call, the next you don't have a thing to say i'm tellin' you, baby something's goin' on.  the love we used to share is strong i'm fallin' out of love with you  and i don't know what to do. oooh, oooh something's goin' on.  the love we used to share is strong.  i'm fallin' out of love with you  and i don't know what to do. oooh, oooh where did i go wrong? what mistake did i make?  is there someone else, tell me, baby, you found to take my place? 'cause now you stay out all night and you don't even call we barely kiss. we barely hug we barely touch at all. yeah, baby and i just can't take no more.  this is no way to live.  something must happen something has got to give i can feel it. i know, i know there's something's goin' on.  the love we used to share is strong.  i'm fallin' out of love with you and i don't know what to do. oooh, oooh something's goin' on.  the love we used to share is strong.  i'm fallin' out of love with you  and i don't know what to do.  jay hey yo' shawn? shawn what's up, jay? jay you know what i was thinkin', man? i haven't seen you with your girl in so long, i mean what's goin' on? why don't you tell me shawn i'm so confused, yeah, and i don't know what to do, baby jay you know, shawn, i know just how you feel, because my girl she left me cryin' she left me down on my knees, down on my knee-ee-ee-ee-ees shawn man, that's deep. yo', j.c j.c. what's up, ski? shawn tell them how you feel j.c. i feel so lonely. eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh something's goin' on the love we used to share is strong  i'm fallin' out of love with you and i don't know what to do. oooh, oooh something's goin' on.  oooh  why can't we be together?  why can't we be together, baby?  oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  i need a good woman  someone to treat me right  make love with me all through the night  oh, oh, oh, oh, oh oooh, oooh, oooh oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, ohhhhhh, oh, oh