oh, give in be my sweet lady  ooh, i want you to be my lady lady, oh, babe sweet lady, would you be my sweet love for a lifetime? i'll be there when you need me, just call and receive me da, da, da, da  my sweet lady, baby love now any other day, i would play it cool but i can't now, 'cause i want you see, i'm hooked on how you flex your style and i wanna talk for a little while i've never really seen your type but i must admit that i kinda like so, maybe, if you have the time we can talk about you being mine sweet lady  would you be my sweet love for a lifetime?  ill be there  when you need me, just call and receive me sweet lady  would you be my sweet love for a lifetime? ill be there  when you need me, just call and receive me  now on the regular, i would waste time but i don't want to, 'cause you're so damn fine and i heard that you were taken  but that don't have to stop you from making late night phone calls , on the telephone  about your fantasies , and how to get it on  when you need me , i will be  there for you, my sweet lady sweet lady  would you be my sweet love for a lifetime?  ill be there  when you need me, just call and receive me  sweet lady  would you be my sweet love for a lifetime? ill be there  when you need me, just call and receive me  say you will be my baby  say you will be my lady ive got to have all your love so, i wont even front  just say you'll give it to me  don't wanna hear the maybes  and i will give you all my heart  if you say youll be my sweet lady  sweet lady  would you be my sweet love for a lifetime?  ill be there when you need me, just call and receive me sweet lady would you be my sweet love for a lifetime?  ill be there  when you need me, just call and receive me  sweet lady would you be my sweet love for a lifetime?  ill be there  when you need me, just call and receive me  would you be my, be my sweet love, love for a lifetime? ill be there  when you need me, just call and receive me  ah, oh, ooh  would you be my, oh  be my babe, be my, come on over, will you be my  sweet lady? mine