what'd ya hear this time? go on and speak your mind i know somebody's lyin' it's always somethin' her auntie told your cousin then all your homies jumped in and now, the whole hood's buzzin' when he say, she say don't let it get in your head baby, don't say something that you will regret i'm on your team it's us against them, you'll see and we ain't gon' stop they just want what we got the more they talk about our love the more they make it obvious the more they seem so envious  how can they talk about our love  when they don't know one thing about us?  instead, they just runnin' their mouths so, all we do is tune them out i swear, they got some nerve spreadin' what they heard i can't give them no burn i can't be concerned with all that talk i won't be involved, that's my word see, i'm not the one they got me confused they got me messed up don't you think i've had enough? when it comes to what we do all that matters is us two don't pay them no mind we just gon' show and prove the more they talk about our love  the more they make it obvious the more they seem so envious  how can they talk about our love  when they don't know one thing about us? instead, they just runnin' their mouths so, all we do is tune them out  uh, it's a couple of things i can't honor, man how you listen to a girl that still want a man? tell me the truth, is that a man or juwanna mann? i'm wonderin', why she ret ta go like wanda then? when we met you was a v like madonna, man now you in the field, runnin' plays like donovan mcnabb, before you get in a cab i traded my cash, just to take it back to last summer, man you don't remember when you was my sweetest? you don't remember i called you reese's pieces? 'cause it's no wrong way to do you know what she turned around, giggled, said you so nuts! but nowadays, we actin' way too grown up like, how your ex-girl get that new number? the rumors was so numerous for stickin' by me, i had to give you two thumbs up and that's why the more they talk about our love the more they make it obvious the more they seem so envious how can they talk about our love  when they don't know one thing about us?  instead, they just runnin' their mouths  so, all we do is tune them out  the more they talk about our love  the more they make it obvious the more they seem so envious  how can they talk about our love  when they don't know one thing about us? instead, they just runnin' their mouths so, all we do is tune them out