monday, ten fifty-three a.m jd, it's me, bree call me, man havin' all them parties, us cats down here think y'all on vacation, man you, brat, all y'all, man what y'all doin', man? come on see, i been lookin' at the game, ya know? and i see it ain't too many y'all that can make 'em dance like i do  then, what's funny is y'all got the nerve to wanna p.h.d. me cuz i'm making all the money ha ha ha ha ha while y'all ride matchbox, i push the hot wheels don chi-chi with the mass appeal lettin' champagne spills on my house in the grill and all i'm about is the dolla' dolla' bill makin' ya' dance every chance i get and hata's sayin' damn, will he ever catch bricks? nah, i don't catch those, keep it ghetto seen wit' the best hoes, on the east and the west coast what? now, e'where i pass they wanna see the big booty mamma tapping some ass and whether you believe it or not you see us, so-so def make y'all true believers my whole entourage keep it top notch evidently, we push v's from bentleys to drops got big things, baby i'm still greedy to my enemies i hope you keep on envying me yeah, uh whatcha'll wanna do, huh? say you wanna get down, huh? watcha wanna do, huh? say you wanna get down, huh? all we wanna do  is party  with you who dat? she the one who love drama? keep it heated stay undefeated from the chi comma illinois my crew make more noise than yours fifteen a night on tour, make 'em sick with no cure as she sits by the bar she sips cristies in the midst of the party they bump hits by jd the b.r.a.t., we the element and you irrelevant get down off this shit i don't pay attention to ya' hatin' and ya' bad looks just think about gettin' paper like garth brooks keep it off the hook let the world feel the touch y'all doing too much, sayin' y'all can see us it's like this here i rock the party with cartier wristwear in the six, pretty bitches with the long hair and i got lots of dough, lots in sto' c. to the e-o whatcha wanna do, huh? say you wanna get down, huh? so whatcha wanna do, huh? say you wanna get down, huh? all we wanna do  is party  with you, hey see i get goosebumps when the baseline thumps so phat call me professor klump i ain't gonna front, yeah, i like to floss and i ain't gotta lie about the girls i toss, you know? betta' ask ya' lil' man's where his dough went needed mo' rent we got bent, you know the rest i split, spent some, lent some to my friends if you wanna get down, you gotta get in come on whatcha wanna do, huh? say you wanna get down, huh? now whatcha wanna do, huh? say you wanna get down, huh? all we wanna do  i party  with you, hey ay, yeah ay, yeah  ay, yeah ay, yeah ay, yeah ay, yeah, hey ay, yeah ay, yeah said all i wanna do is make ya dance wit' me make you dance wit' me see all i wanna do is make ya dance wit' me dance wit' me is that aight? all i wanna do is make ya dance wit' me dance wit' me see all i wanna do is make ya dance wit' me is that aight? come on ay, yeah  ay, yeah  ay, yeah  ay, yeah ay yeah ay yeah ay yeah ay yeah