it's been a long time  we shouldn't have left you  without a dope beat to step to step to, step to, step to  step to, step to, freaky-freaky it's been a long time  we shouldn't have left you  without a dope beat to step to step to, step to, step to  step to, freaky-freaky-freaky baby girl, uh what would you do to get to me? what would you say to have your way? would you give up or try again? if i hesitate to let you in now would you be yourself or play a role? tell all the boys or keep it low? if i say no, would you turn away? or play me off or would you stay? oh and if at first you don't succeed  then dust yourself off and try again you can dust it off and try again, try again 'cause if at first you don't succeed you can dust it off and try again dust yourself off and try again, try again again, again i'm into you, you into me but i can't let it go so easily not 'til i see what this could be could be eternity or just a week but, yo, our chemistry is off the chain it's perfect now, but will it change? this ain't a yes, this ain't a no just do your thing we'll see how we go and if at first you don't succeed  then dust yourself off and try again  you can dust it off and try again, try again  'cause if at first you don't succeed  you can dust it off and try again  dust yourself off and try again , try again again, again so, you don't wanna throw it all away i might be shy on the first date what about the next date? huh , huh  huh , huh  i said, you don't wanna throw it all away  i might be buggin' on the first date what about the next date?  huh , huh  huh , huh  and if at first you don't succeed then dust yourself off and try again you can dust it off and try again, try again 'cause if at first you don't succeed you can dust it off and try again dust yourself off and try again, try again again, again and if at first you don't succeed  then dust yourself off  and try again  you can dust it off and try again, try again  'cause if at first you don't succeed  you can dust it off and try again  dust yourself off and try again , try again again, again and if at first you don't succeed  then dust yourself off and try again  you can dust it off and try again, try again  'cause if at first you don't succeed  you can dust it off  and try again  dust yourself off and try again, try again again, again it's been a long time  we shouldn't have left you  without a dope beat to step to step to, step to, step to  step to, step to, step to  it's been a long time  we shouldn't have left you  without a dope beat to step to step to, step to, step to step to, step to, step to  and if at first you don't succeed then dust yourself off and try again you can dust it off and try again, try again 'cause if at first you don't succeed you can dust it off and try again dust yourself off and try again, try again again, again it's been a long time  we shouldn't have left you  without a dope beat to step to step to, step to, step to, what? step to, step to, freaky-freaky  it's been a long time  we shouldn't have left you  without a dope beat to step to step to, step to, step to, what? step to, step to, freaky-freaky  one mo' again the new millennium, baby and we out, you guess who it is