this tracklist will be live-updated during the 6th episode of we the best radio, which will be aired at 8pm est on march 11th, 2016 the notorious b.i.g. tribute set the notorious b.i.g. - hypnotize the notorious b.i.g. - mo money mo problems puff daddy  the family - it's all about the benjamins remix the notorious b.i.g. - one more chancestay with me remix the notorious b.i.g. - juicy junior m.a.f.i.a - get money remix junior m.a.f.i.a - get money the notorious b.i.g. - i got a story to tell puff daddy - victory the notorious b.i.g. - unbelievable the notorious b.i.g - kick in the door the notorious b.i.g. - ten crack commandments the notorious b.i.g - warning the notorious b.i.g - dead wrong the notorious b.i.g - the what the notorious b.i.g - who shot ya craig mack - flava in your ear remix the notorious b.i.g. - just playing  total - can't you see junior m.a.f.i.a - player's anthem supercat - dolly my baby  the notorious b.i.g. - niggas bleed the notorious b.i.g. - ready to die 2pac - runnin'  puff daddy  the family - young g's jay z - brooklyn's finest the notorious b.i.g - i love the dough funkmaster flex - biggie2pac live freestyle the notorious b.i.g - real niggas the notorious b.i.g - machine gun funk puff daddy catalog mini-set puff daddy  the bad boy family - bad boy for life puff daddy  the family- can't nobody hold me down puff daddy  the family - senorita puff daddy - angels remix puff daddy - hello good morning remix the notorious b.i.g. tribute set the notorious b.i.g. - b.i.g. interlude the notorious b.i.g - party and bullshit the notorious b.i.g - machine gun funk the notorious b.i.g. - gimme the loot the notorious b.i.g - everyday struggle the notorious b.i.g - what's beef the notorious b.i.g. - notorious thugs the notorious b.i.g. - big poppa dj khaled x puff daddy x ty dolla ign cloth talk dj khaled closing set puff daddy  the family - been around the world the notorious b.i.g. - going back to cali busta rhyme - pass the courvoisier part 2 remix g-dep - special delivery remix mary j. blige - real love remix faith evans - love like this the lox - money power respect g-dep - let's get it puff daddy  the family - diddy mase - feel so good black rob - whoa! black rob - i dare you puff daddy  the family - money ain't a problem puff daddy  the family - help me puff daddy  the family - auction puff daddy  the family - uptown puff daddy  the family - you could be my lover