watch out now! yea, yea.. uh-uh! mm-mmm! get money, get money!   uh-uh!  get money, get money   get money, get money yeah, get money, get money listen to the first verse watch out now! aiyyo my song's on, i gotta get my grub on some to-to  order three buckets of mo'-mo' we gettin' more dough, off the books  pullin more hoes off the looks  you wan' hate me? cause your wifey, wants a autograph? from the look in her eyes, i can see she wants more than that when i see fat asses i make fat passes like quarterback beatnuts is alla that, your shit, all the wack open can-dela, if you foolin' wit my cheddah hardrock, ever since, junior high escuela fly fella, takin my beats, to make your crowd get up i'm fed up, niggas wanna bring it -- whatever! i'mma storm your pa-rade  blow your legs off with a gre-nade, now you flappin', like a mermaid yappin off, bitch you cough at the lips while i'm at the bar, baggin', the bartender tips then i bag this chick, with a, hi, and the eye she did the butterfly, rubbin' her ass, against my buttonfly i could already imagine my shit stuck inside everytime i strike, haters be like, dat fucking guy! how's that yo? it's hard for you to swallow it don't take much for us to let the metal holla lead's bustin out of a old black impala thug nigga only fuck wit, muchacha malla big ju, dimelo el coo, how we do?, how we do?   whatchu gonna do?  nigga whatchu gonna do?  here's to my pollyin' niggas who campaign to the killers who be lovin' the chicas and champagne thugs who get wild in the club and snatch chains players who be pimpin' the hoes with no brains front watch a nigga get shot from close range the most range, crazy motherfucker won't change beatnuts, forever diehard, you want pain? cause you walkin' outta here breathin' is insane flip a beat fast, you leave the club with a heat rash you got a weak stash, came in the club with a free pass i ain't even know they made a roley for your cheap ass makin me laugh, you was in jail wearin' kneepads now the beef has gotten over your head it's over you dead, ranger rover, both of your legs till both of us said, platinum gettin' took this year cause for real, there ain't nothin' but crooks in here, nigga how's that yo? it's hard for you to swallow it don't take much for us to let the metal holla lead's bustin out of a old black impala thug nigga only fuck wit, muchacha malla big ju, dimelo el coo, how we do?, how we do?   whatchu gonna do?  whatcha gon' do when beatnuts come through baby!  psycho les  big ju  beatnuts    throw your hands up, throw your hands up  throw your hands up, throw your hands up..