ah, ah, i'm tired of arguin', girl i'm tired, i'm tired, i'm tired huh, i'm tired of arguin', girl huh, i'm tired, i'm tired, i'm tired huh, i'm tired of arguin', girl ficky-ficky-ficky-ficky baby girl, huh did you sleep on the wrong side? i'm catching a bad vibe and it's contagious, what's the latest? speak your heart, don't bite your tongue don't get it twisted , don't misuse it what's your problem? let's resolve it  we can solve it , what's the causes? it's official, you got issues i got issues , but i know i miss you am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? yeah, who should be hurt? who should be blamed? am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? who should be hurt? who should be ashamed? am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? who should be hurt? will we remain? oh, i we need a resolution, we need a resolution we need a resolution, we have so much confusion i wanna know, where were you last night? i fell asleep on the couch, i thought we were going out i wanna know, were your fingers broke? if you had let me know, i wouldn't have put on my clothes i wanna know, where'd you go instead? it was four in the morning when you crept back in the bed i wanna know, what was in your head? or what was in my head? am i supposed to change? am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? oh, who should be hurt? who should be blamed? am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? who should be hurt? who should be ashamed? am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? oh, who should be hurt and will we remain? we need a resolution, we need a resolution we need a resolution, we have so much confusion am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? who should be hurt and who should be blamed? am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? who should be hurt? who should be ashamed? am i supposed to change? are you supposed to change? who should be hurt? will we remain? we need a resolution, we need a resolution  we need a resolution, we have so much confusion baby, let me know, you'll let me know  you'll let me know, you'll let me know  you'll let me know, you'll let me know  you'll let me know, you'll let me know girl, holla , you give me bits and pieces you tryna blame me, when i don't even know the reason i think it's just the season, maybe the month, maybe you're bleeding? now, tell me, what's the reason? snoop video? looks are deceiving so cut the cryin', cut the coughin', cut the wheezin', girl quit the blamin', cut the namin', cut the sneakin', girl i think you need some prayer, better call a deacon, girl so get your act right or else we won't be speakin', girl so what's it gonna be? ficky-ficky, me and you? or is it gonna be who blames who? i'm tired of these things, i'm tired of these scars i think i'm gonna get me a drink, i'll call you tomorrow, oh