uhh.. dmx, sisqo yo...what these bitches want from a nigga? dru hill, yaknahmsayin? what these bitches want from a nigga? hmmm dmx break em off what these bitches want from a nigga? break em off, some... aiyyo!! dog, i meet bitches, discrete bitches street bitches, slash, cocoa puff sweet bitches  make you want to eat bitches, but not me why'all niggas eat off the plate all you want but not d  i fuck with these hoes from a distance the instant they start to catch feelings i start to stealin' they shit then i'm out just like a thief in the night i sink my teeth in to bite you thinkin' life, i'm thinkin' more like - whassup tonight? come on ma, you know i got a wife and even though that pussy tight i'm not gon' jeapordize my life  so what is it you want from a nigga?  i gave you, you gave me - bitch, i blazed you, you blazed me  nothin more, nothin less, but you at my door willin to confess that it's the best you ever tested better than all the rest, i'm like, aight girlfriend, hold up i gave you, what you gave me boo, a nut  what these bitches want from a nigga? what you want..  what these bitches want from a nigga? really want.. what these bitches want from a nigga? i've been keepin' you up on it bling bling'n, on that jewelry girl i bought it what these bitches want from a nigga? aiyyo, tell me what you want from me baby tell me what you want from me!  there was brenda, latisha, linda, felicia  dawn, leshaun, ines, and alicia  teresa, monica, sharron, nicki  lisa, veronica, karen, vicky  cookies, well i met her in a ice cream parlor  tonya, diane, lori and carla  marina  selena  katrina  sabrina  about three kim's  latoya, and tina  shelley, bridget, cavi, rasheeda  kelly, nicole, angel, juanita  stacy, tracie, rohna, and ronda  donna, ulanda  tawana, and wanda  were all treated fairly but yet and still bitches is on some other shit now that i'm fuckin' wit dru hill but i'ma keep it real  what the fuck you want from a nigga?  what the fuck you want from a nigga?  aiyyo, i think about when a nigga didn't have  and a nigga told a joke, and the bitches didn't laugh see now i do the math, i see if you got this and this and this to some cats, that nigga's the shit  and that's all they fuckin' with, but see these bitches don't know if these bitches ain't for real, these bitches don't go knock on door, no show, i'm sleep tryin' to creep wit yo' best friend, put it in, dig deep x let me talk to em for a minute oohhh i know i know it's so hard to be a victim of my reality heard you callin' me names, said i was trife one thing you gotta know, i'ma be a player for life oooh yeahh yeahhh oahahoh chorus 2x