miami... hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey  boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  i said boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  half step pussy ass nigga why you lookin' at a nigga like you wanna run one wit' me? i got my big gun wit' me don't feel like dukin', i feel like shootin', fool and i don't like your atitude you do shit that them hoes on a rag'll do ol' faggot, you better watch your mouth 'fore i be in front your house when your ass come out ol' bitch ass, hold another nigga dick ass, snitch ass nigga keep lookin' at a nigga like you gonna tell somethin' i'll fuck around and, kill ya  so on your mark, get set, get ready, yo! if this shit get silly i'm lettin' it go on front street or in the front seat you ever come my way, it's gon' be gunplay and hey... i ride wit' the ak get high and spit five out the ak okay, let a nigga play and watch t-double-d knock your ass off the free seat all my dade county chevy boys we drive candy toys and tote guns galore and treat the hummer like a tonka toy and got shit you niggas ain't seen before, huh boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  i said boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  ying yang and the t-double-d we, in this motherfucker, crunk in this motherfucker atlanta niggas wit' a miami boy and i still like to play wit' my tonka toy i'm a toys r us kid, yes i is you can't be serious? yes i is you think i'm playin', then ask my brother you still don't believe me, then ask my mother because i love my gun, i play wit' my gun i fondle my gun, have sex wit' my gun and i don't pull that motherfucker out for fun 'cause i ain't finna' give yo' ass time to run i'ma bust one time, bust two times by the third time, your ass is mine he'll be down for the count, he can't get up damn! he's fallen, he can't get up boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  i said boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  you a soft muh'fucka, and a fag muh'fucka if you mad 'cause you like you never had muh'fucka fuck yo' ass muh'fucka, that's the past muh'fucka and i know the fact make ya mad muh'fucka it is, what a fuck nigga think it ain't for real, you lame and we off the chain ying and the t-double-d, we bolo fuck hoes, niggas, ride by my dolo get the keys to my car, and i jump in hit the liquor store, buy my cigars and gin get drunk and i'm off in the wind lookin' for a little itty bitty pretty that could hold a sin we smokin', and ridin' don't tell nobody be quiet might cut it, lil' buddy can't let this shit get ugly boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  i said boom!! it's on, bitch nigga, we'll rock yo' dome boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  boom!! bitch, what's happnin'?  hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey oh my god, from the south to the bottom trick daddy dollars, ying yang twins, beat-in-azz collipark music incorporated this the next level right here this that crunk party all these niggas doin' this crunk music, we crunk party, nigga we original wit' it, yeah hey man, who really run the south?