oh, look out oh, uh, come on what'chu like, a whole lot of, whut?  what'chu like, me on a, whut?  what'chu like?  why? how? all night long  i like 'em brown, yellow, puerto rican or haitian with good conversation, plenty big faces it's a must, i stay luxurious jewelry cut precision like i bust been winnin' since funkdafied blew up it's evident, shit, i can't be touched niggas say i'm too much, i trust it's true why lie? see for yourself when i slide through drive by, your bitch say don't look, you do shine so bright in the wet u2 you wish boo boo could ride with you tonight ain't nothin' in the world that brat can't do she attractive to them, him, her, and you, shit frostbit, december, unrestricted drop dead, the cost is priceless due to the content, i suggest you'll like this what do you like? a whole lot of foreplay right before you get it started what do you like? me on top you on the bottom, tight body what do you like? somebody that can make you say wow, know how to all night long all night long, tell me wassup? the setting, a hot-ass club and you still be sweating me i don't see nothin' wrong with givin' a little love but nigga, just let me breathe damn, you cute as hell, so let's switch the digits then i got to leave and you can buy me a couple of drinks but i'ma go socialize and smoke my weed and i like it when you keep your eyes on me and i like it when you touch my privacy and i like it, sex and ecstasy when the belt buckle loosen up, undress me already juiced up, that come naturally wax on and off so romantically no woman can slow dance or throw down like i can ask if you curious to know what i like, man what do you like? a whole lot of foreplay right before you get it started what do you like? me on top you on the bottom, tight body what do you like? somebody that can make you say wow, know how to all night long all night long, tell me  well, i start at the top of the list with my pretty eyes, a cute nose and these fat-ass lips my medallion sit in the middle of my tits it's hit after hit, shit, sweet every sip down to the last drip drop, watch the hips rock color me badd, tick-tock, you don't stop till the thick thighs, dick rise when i skip by i ain't surprised i'm what'chu like, nigga what do you like? a whole lot of foreplay right before you get it started what do you like? me on top you on the bottom, tight body what do you like? somebody that can make you say wow, know how to all night long all night long, tell me what do you like? a whole lot of foreplay right before you get it started what do you like? me on top you on the bottom, tight body what do you like? somebody that can make you say wow, know how to all night long all night long, tell me