uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh-uhh what y'all niggas want, huh? uhh uhh uhh rubia, huh? papi screamin out of they mouth bombshell, just a second, mami wanna speak out what i need in my life, make ya body freak out baby seem like the type married niggas sneak out like 'em ballin, y'all yes, i be appallin' y'all boss type, hold it down, wantin' all of y'all callin' y'all, never chasin' me down three weeks, heartbroken, yes, you hatin' me now she speaks, soft spoken, 'til she datin' the clown i'm takin' em down, reel 'em in, and makin 'em drown mistake, i said gimme, bet i'm takin' it now what i need from a nigga negative in his sound? au-dacity, even, askin' me for ass i laugh, this bitch is fast and free swattin' 'em off, when i see this nigga's a flea plottin', of course, for riches, millionaire wannabe uh-huh what y'all niggas want? what we want, ma? can't touch  all y'all niggas need what we need in our life? is right here with me  sounds y'all wanna hear who dat? who dat? that's swizz beats  i'm the one to fear why? huh? because my time will be popular, since i started my life eve, you know my name, probably the dangerous type brick house stall-ion, think you tamin' me, right? not this baby, south philly streets, they raisin' her right keep it pretty or can make it gritty  be a lady need boots, pocketbooks, and a baby .380 but prefer to keep itcalm and cool when i'm heated, i suggest you move just avoid a bad situation, what you got to prove? leave her be, chicken squawkin', hatin' frequently mad they man is obsessed and stalkin' me if he, icy enough, i'm pricin' his stuff be nicey enough, to let him spin, i'm callin' ya bluff puttin' it down, ruff ryders put in they work snatched up the illest vicious pitbull in a skirt  makin' em hurt, haters steady dishin' up dirt changin' the game, settin' the rules, makin' it work, uh what y'all niggas want? what we want, ma? can't touch  all y'all niggas need what we need in our life? is right here with me  sounds y'all wanna hear who dat? who dat? that's swizz beats  i'm the one to fear why? huh? because my time will be leavin' 'em scared, mami takin' all of this here all of this fame, i'm hungry, hope you cats is prepared niggas, set me up, and i'ma take it and run think it's a game? just check out how my format is done stoppin' ya shine, and i do it to perfection made a promise every time i touch the mic, to bless 'em used to tease me, now i keep it greasy, just to test 'em eve handcuff niggas, but i don't arrest 'em shorty bang  hear the niggas singin', shoutin' my name make the thuggish niggas scream, watchin' me entertain dicks brick when i lick the lips, just keepin' it plain fantasizin' 'bout this bitch, got 'em goin' insane ooh's and ahh's  5'7, thick in the thighs every thug's dream wife, see the love in they eyes? my time to shine  whole package, make her a dime want some more? it ain't over, just keep pressin' rewind  uh what y'all niggas want? what we want, ma? can't touch  all y'all niggas need what we need in our life? is right here with me  sounds y'all wanna hear who dat? who dat? that's swizz beats  i'm the one to fear why? huh? because my time will be what y'all niggas want? what we want, ma? can't touch  all y'all niggas need what we need in our life? is right here with me  sounds y'all wanna hear who dat? who dat? that's swizz beats  i'm the one to fear why? huh? because my time will be uhh  '99... it's like 2000 ruff ryders dru hill swizz beats eve comin' for that ass  uhh