what's wrong with the world, mama? people livin' like they ain't got no mamas i think the whole world's addicted to the drama only attracted to things that'll bring you trauma overseas, yeah, we tryna stop terrorism but we still got terrorists here livin' in the usa, the big cia the bloods and the crips and the kkk but if you only have love for your own race then you only leave space to discriminate and to discriminate only generates hate and when you hate, then you're bound to get irate, yeah madness is what you demonstrate and that's exactly how anger works and operates man, you gotta have love just to set it straight take control of your mind and meditate let your soul gravitate to the love, y'all, y'all people killin', people dyin' children hurt, and you hear them cryin' can you practice what you preach? and would you turn the other cheek? father, father, father, help us send some guidance from above 'cause people got me, got me questioning where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love, the love, the love? it just ain't the same, old ways have changed new days are strange, is the world insane? if love and peace is so strong why are there pieces of love that don't belong? nations droppin' bombs chemical gases filling lungs of little ones with ongoing sufferin' as the youth die young so ask yourself, is the lovin' really gone? so i can ask myself, really, what is going wrong with this world that we livin' in? people keep on givin' in makin' wrong decisions, only visions of them dividends not respectin' each other, deny thy brother a war is goin' on, but the reason's undercover the truth is kept secret, and swept under the rug if you never know truth, then you never know love where's the love, y'all? come on  and where's the truth, y'all? come on  and where's the love y'all? people killin', people dyin' children hurt, and you hear them cryin' can you practice what you preach? and would you turn the other cheek? father, father, father, help us send some guidance from above 'cause people got me, got me questioning where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love?  where is the love, the love, the love? i feel the weight of the world on my shoulder as i'm gettin' older, y'all people gets colder most of us only care about money-makin' selfishness got us followin' the wrong direction wrong information always shown by the media negative images is the main criteria infecting the young minds faster than bacteria kids wanna act like what they see in the cinema yo, whatever happened to the values of humanity?  whatever happened to the fairness and equality?  instead of spreading love, we spreading animosity  lack of understanding leading us away from unity that's the reason why sometimes i'm feelin' under that's the reason why sometimes i'm feelin' down it's no wonder why sometimes i'm feelin' under gotta keep my faith alive 'til love is found now ask yourself where is the love? where is the love? where is the love? where is the love? father, father, father, help us send some guidance from above 'cause people got me, got me questioning where is the love? now sing with me, y'all  we only got  that's all we got  and something's wrong with it  something's wrong with it  something's wrong with the w-world, world, yeah we only got  that's all we got