come on, come on, yeah come on, yeah, come on  oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh  if the party's where you're at, then let me know said, uh, don't be trippin' when you see us in the club just show a little love, represent your side like me 'cause 'round here, if you slip you catch a hot one  ride shotgun, couple of 'em got one  belvedere in the rear of the club pulled up on dubs and we 'bout to go and buy the bar up  so soulful, sure we ain't playin'  hang with no lames, hit the park and sayin' ayy, where the party at?  girls is on the way, where the bacardi at?  bottles and models, talkin' all of that  know i can't forget about my thugs  where the party at? and all my girls where the party at? off in the club  where the party at? if the party's where you're at, let me hear you say  oh-oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh  if the party's where you're at, just let me know  all the girls in the club in they best outfits  just showin' that skin, tryna make a  wanna spit where you been, girl? you and your friend need to come to the back where we got it locked down at  in your white t-shirt or a three-piece suit don't matter what you wear, all that matters is who you with some jiggy and some straight grindin'  all up in the club just to have a good time  ayy, where the party at?  girls is on the way, where the bacardi at?  bottles and models, talkin' all of that  know i can't forget about my thugs  where the party at? and all my girls  where the party at? off in the club  where the party at?  if the party's where you're at, let me hear you say   oh-oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh  if the party's where you're at, just let me know  just show me where that party at, dirty  somewhere where it's crackin' right around one-thirty  never get there too early come in as is , doo-rags and timbs  i'm rollin' past his , his little jag and benz with the rolls, not the one with the stem, the one with the rims the one that seem to make more enemies than friends i'm slidin' in past doors , both eyes closed  both arms rose , both charms froze with the s-o-s-o, d-e dot f  i'm buyin' bottles, bottles, until it ain't none left  i'm quick to go left , i plays with no ref i jams more than def, baby, show me the club  i'm like, hey, where that bacardi at?  come and mix it with the cris', baby, what's wrong with that? we in the v.i.p. twisted  damn right, spliffed it  two way and  to him liggy-like he missed it  ayy, where the party at?  girls is on the way, where the bacardi at?  bottles and models, talkin' all of that  know i can't forget about my thugs  where the party at? and all my girls where the party at?  off in the club where the party at?  if the party's where you're at, let me hear you say  oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh  if the party's where you're at, just let me hear you say  oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh   oh-oh-oh-oh if the party's where you're at, just let me know  left side, just put your hands up, throw 'em up right side, just put your hands up, throw 'em up everybody, put your hands up, throw 'em when the beat come back around, e'rybody do it again do the eastside run this mutha for ya?  do my southside run this mutha for ya?  and them haters ain't hittin' on ain't talkin 'bout us and they look like if the party's where you're at, let me hear you say