i gave her money, i gave her time i gave her everything inside one heart could find i gave her passion, my very soul i gave her promises and secrets so untold and she promised me forever and a day we'd live as one we made our vows, we'd live a life anew and she promised me in secret that she'd love me for all time it's a promise so untrue tell me what will i do? and it doesn't seem to matter and it doesn't seem right 'cause the will has brought no fortune still, i cry alone at night don't you judge of my composure 'cause i'm lying to myself and the reason why she left me did she find in someone else?  it is a friend of mine?  is it my brother?  somebody hurt my soul now  i can't take this stuff no more i am the damned, i am the dead i am the agony inside the dying head this is injustice, woe unto thee i pray this punishment would have mercy on me and she promised me forever that we'd live our life as one we made our vows we'd live a love so true it seems that she has left me for such reasons unexplained i need to find the truth but see, what will i do? and it doesn't seem to matter and it doesn't seem right 'cause the will has brought no fortune still, i cry alone at night don't you judge of my composure 'cause i'm bothered everyday and she didn't leave a letter she just upped and ran away who is it? it is a friend of mine?  is it my brother?  somebody hurt my soul, now  i can't take it 'cause i'm lonely hee-hee, hee-hee don't try to make me don't try do it, i can't quit it i never was, we never were it just won't stop don't bother me, don't bother me  it is a friend of mine?  to me, i'm bothered  somebody hurt my soul now  i can't take it 'cause i'm lonely  and it doesn't seem to matter  and it doesn't seem right  'cause the will has brought no fortune still, i cry alone at night don't you judge of my composure  'cause i'm lying to myself and the reason why she left me did she find in someone else? and it doesn't seem to matter  and it doesn't seem right   'cause the will has brought no fortune still, i cry alone at night  don't you judge of my composure 'cause i'm bothered every day and she didn't leave a letter she just upped and ran away  and it doesn't seem to matter and it doesn't seem right  'cause the will has brought no fortune still, i cry alone at night  don't you judge of my composure  'cause i'm lying to myself and the reason why she left me  did she find in someone else?  and it doesn't seem to matter  and it doesn't seem right  'cause the will has brought no fortune still, i cry alone at night  don't you judge of my composure  'cause i'm bothered every day  and she didn't leave a letter she just upped and ran away  and it doesn't seem to matter  and it doesn't seem right  'cause the will has brought no fortune still, i cry alone at night  don't you judge of my composure 'cause i'm bothered every day  and she didn't leave a letter  she just upped and ran away  and it doesn't seem to matter  and it doesn't seem right 'cause the will has brought no fortune  still, i cry alone at night don't you judge of my composure  'cause i'm lying to myself  and the reason why she left me did she find in someone else?