yeah  yo, yo  throw 'em up throw 'em up , jt money, sol ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai  ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai  who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew? yo, who dat off-brand nigga tryna hang with the clique? flossin' like you came with the clique, but would you bang with the clique if it was thick? or do you just ride dick? 'cause playa, i don't know you, nigga, tell me who you with if you ain't with the squad, you bound to get scarred sucker boys run they mouth, real niggas run the yard 'round here we blow trees, don't fuck with ob's you dick ridin' niggas might be the police, aight ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew? ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew?  me and my girls rollin' deep, represent the zoe bunch of fly-ass bitches, when we ride, it's on see them niggas all pause, droppin' digital phones askin' me, where you from? 'cause they wantin' to clone, niggas them lines they spit, they want my shit but game be wack, i turn my back then i hear that you're lickin, stickin' it, tellin' all your friends that your dick in it when you know you'll never get with this hi-fi shit, nigga, you was sick with this, say who dat? who dat?  no chance, blew dat when you said that you rolled with this had red zone niggas throwin' blows for this bitch don't you deny it, nigga, don't even try it, nigga you makin' claims that you laid with the fire, nigga don't know your name, it still remains that you would say you fucked sol every time that i turn my back, burn the track, niggas wanna say that they earned a stack dick to jack, picture that, say my name and then wonder, who the fuck is that? why? ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew? ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew? i'm considered legendary up in this motherfucker veteran in this game and still bringin' ruckus never had no time for tricks or no bustas i only fuck with dat real, i got no love for suckas all these tiny-ass niggas be wantin' to wear my shoes ain't got the slightest of clues or either paid your dues then these hoes goin' crazy 'bout j, baby the way you show me your love is by the way you pay me the game room been closed, so stay up out of mine just know i keep niggas up and crunk like powder lines motherfuckers be all up in a nigga biz tryin' to question my shit just like a pop quiz, nigga what this is? aight ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew? ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew? we off the chain, nigga, we runnin' game, nigga you wanna bang, nigga? it ain't no thang, nigga we off the chain, nigga, we runnin' game, nigga you wanna bang, nigga? it ain't no thang, nigga, aight ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai ay, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai, yai who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat tryna get up in my crew? who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who dat, who? yeah